In teh beginnin Ceiling Cat maded teh skiez An da Urfs, but he did not eated dem.

Da Urfs no had shapez An haded dark face, An Ceiling Cat rode invisible bike over teh waterz.

At start, no has lyte. An Ceiling Cat sayz, i can haz lite? An lite wuz.

An Ceiling Cat sawed teh lite, to seez stuffs, An splitted teh lite from dark but taht wuz ok cuz kittehs can see in teh dark An not tripz over nethin.

An Ceiling Cat sayed light Day An dark no Day. It were FURST!!!1

An Ceiling Cat sayed, im in ur waterz makin a ceiling. But he no yet make a ur. An he maded a hole in teh Ceiling.

An Ceiling Cat doed teh skiez with waterz down An waterz up. It happen.

An Ceiling Cat sayed, i can has teh firmmint wich iz funny bibel naim 4 ceiling, so wuz teh twoth day.

An Ceiling Cat gotted all teh waterz in ur base, An Ceiling Cat hadz dry placez cuz kittehs DO NOT WANT get wet.

An Ceiling Cat called no waterz urth and waters oshun. Iz good.

An Ceiling Cat sayed, DO WANT grass! so tehr wuz seedz An stufs, An fruitzors An vegbatels. An a Corm. It happen.

An Ceiling Cat sawed that weedz ish good, so, letz there be weedz.

An so teh threeth day jazzhands.

An Ceiling Cat sayed, i can has lightz in the skiez for splittin day An no day.

It happen, lights everwear, like christmass, srsly.

An Ceiling Cat doeth two grate lightz, teh most big for day, teh other for no day.

An Ceiling Cat screw tehm on skiez, with big nails An stuff, to lite teh Urfs.

An tehy rulez day An night. Ceiling Cat sawed.  Iz good.

An so teh furth day w00t.

An Ceiling Cat sayed, waterz bring me phishes, An burds, so kittehs can eat dem. But Ceiling Cat no eated dem.

An Ceiling Cat maed big fishies An see monstrs, which wuz like big cows, except they no mood, An other stuffs dat mooves, An Ceiling Cat sawed iz good.

An Ceiling Cat sed O hai, make bebehs kthx. An dont worry i wont watch u secksy, i not that kynd uf kitteh.

An so teh...fith day. Ceiling Cat taek a wile 2 cawnt.

An Ceiling Cat sayed, i can has MOAR living stuff, mooes, An creepie tings, An otehr aminals. It happen so tehre.

An Ceiling Cat doed moar living stuff, mooes, An creepies, An otehr animuls, An did not eated tehm.

An Ceiling Cat sayed, letz us do peeps like uz, becuz we ish teh qte, An let min p0wnz0r becuz tehy has can openers.

So Ceiling Cat createded teh peeps taht waz like him, can has can openers he maed tehm, min An womin wuz maeded, but he did not eated tehm.

An Ceiling Cat sed them O hai maek bebehs kthx, An p0wn teh waterz, no waterz An teh firmmint, An evry stufs.

An Ceiling Cat sayed, Beholdt, the Urfs, I has it, An I has not eated it.

For evry createded stufs tehre are the fuudz, to the burdies, teh creepiez, An teh mooes, so tehre. It happen. Iz good.

undefined

So datz how teh skyz an teh Urfs wur finishd, an al teh stufz in dem.

An on Caturday, Ceiling Cat was dun makin al dat stuf; an he restd, thinkn uv how awsum it wuz.

An to clbrate, Ceiling Cat made Caturday speshl, an sed "Do not want bad stuf on Caturday"; cuz dats when he restd frum all his werk creatin and makin cool stuf.

Anywayz, here ar teh ppl Ceiling Cat made when teh skyz an teh Urfs wur reddy.

Urfs had no farm plantz n farm catnipz n stuff yet, cuz Ceiling Cat no maek rainz yet, but iz ok cuz kittehs DUNT LYKE wetfurz. An ther wuznt any farmrz eethr.

But teh fogz caem in liek in Frisco an waterd teh entyre grownd so teh plantz wud be happee.

An Ceiling Cat madez a boi outta teh durt, did invisibl CPR, an teh durt boi wuz a reel boi.

An Ceiling Cat growed a gardn in Eden (datz in teh eest... wen u lookie norf and tern rite), an Ceiling Cat tuk da boi thare.

An Ceiling Cat growed lotsa prity and yummy farm treez! Teh tree of happee an teh tree of morulz wur in teh middl of teh gardn.

Bai teh way, if u iz a geografee nut, a rivr caym frum Eden to watr teh gardn, an it splitted intu 4 rivrz wit srsly weerd naemz.

Rivr numbah 1 wuz Pison (did u sneez? blez u!). It wint to Havilah, an gold iz thare.

An itz rly awsum gold!!!! Ohyeah, therz sum stuf calld "bdellium" an "onyx" thare, too.

Rivr numbah 2 wuz Gihon (it spellz "nohig" backwrdz... not so great acshully). It wint to Ethiopia. So nou u knowz how to getz to Ethiopia.

Rivr numbah 3 wuz Hiddekel (yes, srsly). It wint to Assyria. And rivr numbah 4 wuz Euphrates (u afrayd o'theez?). It wint to Ur. Now, bak to teh storie.

So Ceiling Cat put teh boi in teh gardn to be itz farmr.

An Ceiling Cat sed to teh boi, "See all theez froot treez? Knok yurself owt.

But dont eet teh froot of the tree of morulz, cuz if u eatz that then ULL DIE! Srsly! Kthxbye."

An Ceiling Cat sed, "teh boi is alown an dat an dat iz bad; he needz frendz so i wil maek him a gud helpr."

So Ceiling Cat made farm animulz and birdies frum durt. An Ceiling Cat brot them to teh boi to c wat he wud naym them: an teh animulz wur calld wutevr teh boi calld them. If thay didnt liek it, tuff tamales, thay wuz stuk wif it FOREVAH!!

An teh boi naymd all thoze animulz, but nun of dem wuz a gud helpr.

So Ceiling Cat gived teh boi invisible sleepin pill an did sum surjerie an tuk owt wun of teh boiz rib bonez. Ohyeah, an Ceiling Cat put teh skin bak on, so teh boi wudnt be PO'ed latr.

An Ceiling Cat transformd teh rib bonez into a prity gurl. Ceiling Cat tuk teh gurl to teh boi, then watchd teh fun begin.

Teh boi sed, "Her boddy caim frum my boddy? Sweet! I callz her 'Gurl' cuz she caim frum a boi, an it sowndz betr than 'Frumboi'."

Thatz wiy a boi leevz his mommy an daddy an getz mareed to a gurl.

undefined

Sneeky snaik is sneeky. Teh snaik sed to teh gurl, "'No eat froot,' Ceiling Cat says? 'Or u die,' Ceiling Cat says?"

An teh gurl sed, "We can has froot.

But we no can has froot frum teh tree in teh middl of teh gardn. Ceiling Cat sez, 'If u tuch it or nom it, ull die. So pawz off.'"

Teh snaik lol'd an sed, "U wont die frum froot, srsly.

Ceiling Cat just sed dat cuz teh froot will maek u guyz smart. U guyz wud be ceiling catz, cuz u wud has morulz!

Teh gurl saw teh froot had a flavr, an it lookd yummy. It wud giv her sum morulz, too. So she nom-nomd teh froot. She gaev sum to teh boi, an he nom-nomd teh froot too.

Then thay got morulz, so it didnt taek too long to figgur owt thay wuz naked. Boi an gurl maded sumfin owt of leevz to keep teh praivits praivit.

Wen thay heerd Ceiling Cat chasin buttrfliez in teh gardn, thay jumpd in a bush to plai hide-an-seek, xcept thay hopd Ceiling Cat wud frget bout teh "seek" part. He didnt.

Ceiling Cat sed, "Boi? Boi?? BOI!!!"

Boi sed, "O hai. I heerd u ovr thare, but ai freekd owt cuz ai wuz naked, so ai hid in teh bush."

Ceiling Cat sed, "Wayt a minit! How did u fynd owt? U didnt nom teh bannd froot, did u?"

Boi said, "Rmembr teh gurl u mayd for me? Ai onli eated teh froot cuz she gaev it to me."

Ceiling Cat sed to teh gurl, "U did WUT?" Gurl said, "Teh snaik playd durty trik on me, an ai eated teh froot. It taystd gud, but dat not poynt."

Ceiling Cat sed to teh snaik, "Cuz u did dis, ur cursd aboov all teh moocows an farm animulz!!! Ur gonna moov on yur belly forevah, cuz ai gonna taek ur legs an giv dem to teh Chinese to eat!!!! Ur gonna havta eet durt forevah!!!!!

Im gonna maik gurlz afrayd of snaikz, an teh macho boiz will skwish u on teh hed to impress them, an u will nom thair foot. Srsly."

Ceiling Cat sed to teh gurl, "Ur gonna hav sum srs hurtz wen u giv birfs to yur kittehs. An frum nou on, yur hubs iz gonna rool ovr u, an u hav to do wat he sayz.

Ceiling Cat sed to teh boi, "Cuz u listnd to teh gurl insted of me, teh grownd iz cursd, an ull b wrkin ur buttz off ur hol life. An makin cheezburgers will be vry hard now.

Ull hav to get rid of weedz to grow stufs, an ull hav to eat teh farm plantz.

Ur gonna hafta swet leik crazee if u wantz cheezburgerz. An itll b leik dat until u die an turn bak into durt, cuz datz ware u caim frum anywai."

Teh boi naymd his gurl Eve cuz she wuz teh mothr of all ppl (an also cuz if he naymd her Bertha he woulda been lol'd at all da tiem).

It wuz gettin rly awkwurd, so Ceiling Cat mayd sum clothz for dem.

An Ceiling Cat said, "Lookie, thay iz leik us, cuz thaye has morulz! Letz do sumfin so thay wont taek teh cheezburgerz of teh tree of happee, cuz then thay wud liv forevah! Dat wud b bad."

So Ceiling Cat kicked teh boi outta teh gardn to be a farmr. An it stinkd cuz ther wasnt no farmwurkor yoonyun yet.

undefined

So Adam an Eve did sumfin dat ull lurn abowt wen yur oldr. Latr, Eve had a kitteh naymd Cain. She sed, "OMG Ceiling Cat givez me a boi!!!!".

Latr, Eve has nothr kitteh naymd Abel, but dunno wat she sed aftr dat. Wen Cain an Abel gotz big, Abel tuk caer of teh shepe an Cain wuz a farmr leik his daddy.

An aftr awhiel Cain gaev sum of teh froots for offerin to Ceiling Cat, cuz he just got off Atkins.

An Abel tuk sum yummy moocow fat, an he made teh 1st cheezburger, an gaev it to Ceiling Cat. Ceiling Cat thot it wuz AWSUM an sed, "U go Abel!"

But Cainz offerin he no liekd. Ceiling Cat sed, "DO NOT WANT! Epic fail!!1!one!" So Cain got teh angries.

Ceiling Cat sed to Cain, "Hay! Wuts wit da tood? An y iz u all liek sad an stuf?

If u doez gud stuf, u wil has a happee. But if u doez bad stuf, sin wants in: it wants to has you, but u hafta maik it go awai. Kthxbye."

An Cain told Abel his bruda wut happnd. An wun dai wen dey wuz in teh bakyard, Cain got all up in Abelz face, an totlly pwnd him.

Ceiling Cat sed "Cain, ware iz mah Abel???" Cain sed, "Ai dunno. Ai iz not kitteh-sitter."

An Ceiling Cat was liek, "O RLY? Ur ded bruda iz mewin frum undr teh carpt. (Ceiling Cat haz totally xlnt heerin an stuf)

K so nao cursd r u fum teh urfs, dat tuk yur bro's blud frum yur pawz.

Yu can try an gro froots an veggiez, but teh urf isnt gonna cooperate. An its gonna sux cuz therz no farmwrkr yoonyun yet. So yur gonna play hide-an-go-seek for teh rest of yur lief. Wel, kinda."

An Cain sed to Ceiling Cat "Tihs sux.

U ban me from teh urf an killz me an i haz no iteh bitteh kitteh committeh, an i'm dumd wit evrywun, even n00bs will pwnz meh!"

An Ceiling Cat said "Ok den, aniwun dat pwns u, dey wil get pwnd and pwnd and pwnd and pwnd and pwnd and pwnd and pwnd." An Ceiling Cat makz speshul tatoo for Cain, so nobudy findin him wud pwn him. Dat's wun humdingr uv a tatoo.

An Cain rode on hiz invisibul biek awai frum Ceiling Cat. He gotz teh mornin sunbaff befor teh kittehs in Eden, cuz he catnappd in Nod.

So aftr Cain and hiz gurl did sumfin ull lurn abowt wen ur oldr, his gurl had a kitteh namd Enoch. He maks a city calld Enoch tu, cuz he finks Enoch rulz.

Enoch had a kitteh namd Irad, whu had a kitteh namd Mehujael, whu had a kitteh namd Methusael, whu had a kitteh namd Lamech. Not all at teh saym tiem, tho.

Lamech gots marreed to twu gurlz namd Adah an Zillah. No wun had wrot relaishunship help buks yet, so it wuz teh awkward.

Adah had a kitteh namd Jabal. He liekd sleepovrs alot so he livd in a tent, an othr ppl startd livin in tents too. O ya, he had moocows too.

Jubal wuz Jabal's bro. (Deir mum liekd tung-twistrz.) Jubal liekd musik, an datz wher rok'n'rol caim frum.

Zillah had a kitteh namd Tubalcain, or Toob fer short. He liekd makin stufs owt of metal, an datz wher cowbell cumz frum. O ya, he had a sista namd Naamah. Dont no wut she did, tho.

Lamech told his wivez, "Hey Adah, Zillah! Listn tu me. R u listnin? Ok gud, cuz ai just pwnd somwun cuz dey gaiv me an owchie.

If Cain getz 7x paybak, den 77x paybak for Lamech."

Anywai, Adam an his wief did sumfin ull lurn abowt wen yur oldr. She had a kitteh namd Seth. She sed, "Itz a boi!! Thanx Ceiling Cat, u givz me anothr kitteh insted of Abel, cuz Cain... cuz Cain..." She cuddnt finish hur sentnce tho, an startd bawlin.

undefined

Heerz teh famlee tree of Adam. Wen Ceiling Cat mayd pplz, he mayd them liek him.

He mayd boiz an gurlz, an givd cheezburgrz, an calld dem Adam wen dey wer mayd. (Nowza borin part. Lotza nummers. U can skip, me no cayr.)

Wen Adam wuz 130, he had a kitteh namd Seth, aftr his luukz.

Aftr Seth wuz born, Adam livd 800 mor yeerz. He had boiz an gurlz too.

So Adam livd 930 yeers, an he got ded.

Wen Seth wuz 105, he had a kitteh namd Enos.

Aftr Enos wuz born, Seth livd 807 mor yeerz. He had boiz an gurlz too.

So Seth livd 912 yeerz, an he got ded.

Wen Enos wuz 90, he had a kitteh namd Cainan.

Aftr Cainan wuz born, Enos livd 815 mor yeerz. He had boiz an gurlz too.

So Seth livd 905 yeerz, an he got ded.

Wen Cainan wuz 70, he had a kitteh namd Mahalaleel.

After Mahalaleel wuz born, Cainan livd 840 mor yeerz. He had boiz an gurlz too.

So Cainan livd 910 yeerz, an he got ded.

Wen Mahalaleel wuz 65, he had a kitteh namd Jared.

After Jared wuz born, Mahalaleel livd 830 mor yeerz. He had boiz an gurlz too.

So Mahalaleel livd 895 yeerz, an he got ded.

An jard livd 100 An 60 An 2 yeers, An maded enoch:

An jard livd aftr him maded enoch 800 yeers, An maded lotsa kidz:

An all teh dais ov jard waz 900 An 60 An 2 yeers: An him got ded.

An enoch livd 60 An 5 yeers, An maded methuselah:

An enoch walkd wif Ceiling Cat aftr him maded methuselah 300 yeers, An maded lotsa kidz:

An all teh dais ov enoch waz 300 An 60 An 5 yeers:

An enoch hung out wif Ceiling Cat alot An him didnt gets ded liek evry1 els. him flyed up in invisibul airplayn 2 b wif Ceiling Cat 4evr.

An methuselah livd 100 An 80 An 7 yeers, An maded lamech:

An methuselah livd aftr him maded lamech 700 An 80 An 2 yeers, An maded lotsa kidz.

An all teh dais ov methuselah waz 900 An 60 An 9 yeers (srsly!): An him got ded.

An lamech livd 100 An 80 An 2 yeers, An maded son:

An him calld hims name noah, sayin, dis cans gived comfort us in r werk An in da toil ov r hanz, which camed becuz ov teh urth Ceiling Cat havded cursd.

An lamech livd aftr him maded noah 500 An 90 An 5 yeers, An maded lotsa kidz:

An all teh dais ov lamech waz 700 An 70 An 7 yeers: An him got ded.

undefined

An when men begun 2 begats kidz on teh urf, dey had dawters. wich is gud cuz Ceiling Cat still wudnt let dem masturbate.

An teh sons ov Ceiling Cat saw taht teh dawters ov mens wer rly hawt An sexy; An dey sed "PENIS GOES WHERE?" An dey had sexxs but no buttsecks cuz it wuznt inventd yet.

An Ceiling Cat sed, i no fites wif ppl 4evr so i no lets tehm liv 4evr: aftr wiel dey wil getz ded. htey is stil thinkx dey can livs long tiem but i givs dem only 1 liefs insted ov 9 liek teh kittehs. so tehre.

An sum wierd d00dz calld Nephilim wer in teh urfs in dose dais to scroos teh Creationists, An also aftr dat, when teh sons ov Ceiling Cat An dawters ov men did PENIS GOES WHERE?! but still no buttsecks, An they begats kidz. An teh kidz were badass powrful liek superman An wonder woman An all teh avatars in WoW, An dey wer all famous An stuf.

An Ceiling Cat saw dat teh ppl on teh urfs wuz all wikkid An mean An evil, An dat ppl thot ov wikkid mean evil stuf all teh tiem. An they rited wikkidpedia so evry1 wud knoes how 2 b all wikkid An mean An evil.

An Ceiling Cat wuz rly sry dat he had madez ppl on teh urf, An it maded him all sad An pissed off An stuff.

An Ceiling Cat sed im gonna pwnz all teh ppl An aminals what i has maded on teh urf; ppl An moo cows An creepy crawlyz An burdz ov teh skyz An burdz liek ostridges An stuf who cant flyz; cuz i so sry i maded them.

But Ceiling Cat liekd noah alot.

This is story about noah. noah wuz rightchus d00d, An liek mor rightchus then any1 els. noah hung out wif Ceiling Cat alot An lissend 2 tunez An played pokemons An stuff.. An sum tiems Ceiling Cat even letz him winz cuz he liekd him alot.

An noah begat 3 sons, shem, ham, An japheth. but i alrdy told u that.

An teh urf wuz corruptd An messed up, An teh urfs wuz filld wif meanies.

An Ceiling Cat saw teh urf, An saw taht it wuz corruptd cuz all teh ppl had fuxxxxd it up.

An Ceiling Cat sed 2 noah, i iz gonna pwnz the whole urf cuz teh urf has mor evilz An vilents then WoW An grand theft auto. so im gonna pwnz tehm An teh whole urfs. all teh filez in ppls hedz iz all corruptd An dey keep emailin em 2 all ther frendz. i should haev kept it in Beta longr :( An inventd mcafee An nortonz An stuff to keep out trojan snake wormz An viruses An rootkitz An stuf liek that.

Make gynormus bote calld ark ov gophr wud; maek roomz in teh ark, An cover it wif tar on teh insidez An outsiedz. An noah sed wait a minit u cant getz wood frm gophrs, u has 2 use treez. An Ceiling Cat sed i can callz a tree a gophr if i wantz cuz i iz Ceiling Cat. so stfu An go getz ur hammerz An sawz An stuff. An noah sed k, brb.

An Ceiling Cat sed dis iz how u makez teh ark: teh length ov teh ark 300 cubits An teh width ov it 50 cubitz An teh hite ov it 30 cubits. An noah sed wtf iz a cubit An Ceiling Cat sed stfu again. so noah did.

maek sum windoze (but not teh µ!¢®0$0ƒ+ kind) in teh ark 2 cubitz hai An mek teh door in teh side. An maek it wif 1th, 2th, An 3th storiez.

An see, i makez teh flood ov waters upon teh hole urf, 2 pwnz all teh ppl An aminals An stuffz An evrythin in teh hol urfs iz gets ded.

But i iz taeks care ov u An keeps u safe cuz i lieks u alot. An u can haz ride in teh ark, u An ur sons An ur wief An ur sons wifez 2.

An u taeks 2 ov every kind ov aminal into teh ark, 2 keep them aliv wif u (even teh goggies); An mek shur dey r male An femael so dey can meks mor aminals after dey leavs teh ark but i wont letz dem do PENIS GOES WHERE?! on teh ark cuz mor aminals wud mek it 2 crouded.

Taek all kinds of teh birdz, An ov teh moocows, An ov teh creepy crawlyz on teh urf, 2 ov evry kind. but dont worry about teh fishz, dey can swimz gud.

An taek teh f00dz dat all teh ppl An aminals lieks 2 eatz, An gathr it up; An it shall b 4 fud 4 u, An 4 them. An noah sed thers gonna b lotz ov poopi to shuvl wif all dem aminals An stuff, An Ceiling Cat sed stfu i iz givez dem all rael bad constipashun so dont worry about it. An noah sed k and stfu'd.

undefined

Ceiling Cat den said

Noah, "Liek goes into teh ark, joo and joo kittens, cuz joo coolz an' righteous an' stuff. In dis generashun. 2 taek wif u 7 of evry kind ov clean moo cow, male an' its wife, an 2 ov evry kind of unclean moo cow, male an' its mate.

An' also 7 ov evry kind ov burd, male an' female cuz teh burdz are scaredz of teh commitments, an' also 7 ov evry kind ov burd, male an' female (for teh saem reason) 2 keep their various kindz livin throughout teh earthz. 4 7 daiz and frum nao I;m gonna send teh wetness on teh earthz. A little advize, probabliez a gud idea to keep 'em seperatez so teh moo cows don't haev an episode of "PENIS GOES WHERE?" until joo get der.

For 4ty daiz and 4ty nites, it gon b wet and I gun pwn some n00bs.."

An' Noah did what Ceiling Cat told im to, and installed dry wall between teh moo cows and his sons and his dawters so dey would not do nething liek to maek cowz go "PENIS GOES WHERE?!?" during teh 4ty daiz.

Noah was liek rlyz old when teh wetness came.

An' noah and his kittehs enterd teh ark so tehy wouldn't get teh wetness in their furz.

All teh moo cows and teh other stuff Ceiling Cat (who talkz forever 'bout nutin) saidz

male an' female, came 2 Noah and he dun put them in teh ark, as Ceiling Cat commandd him.

An' after teh seven daiz teh wetness came.

In da liek 6 hunderd year of Noah's lief, on teh sevententh dai ov teh second munth-on dat dai all teh spreengs ov teh grate deepz liek spewed teh waterz on teh urf and teh floodgatez ov teh heavenz wuz opend.

An' teh wetnessez came to teh urf an' it was all wet.

On dat der dai, teh sons of Noahz, Shem teh Jew, Japheth teh white guy, and Ham teh blak guy wif der wivez,

Tehy hads evry kind of animal two 'cordin to it's kind, all moo cows 'cordin to it's kind, evry creachur dat mooves on teh grawnd 'cordin 2 its kind an' evry burd 'cordin 2 it's kind, evrythin wif wings too 'cordin 2 all der kindz.

pairs ov all creaturez dat has teh breath ov life in them came 2 noah an' enterd teh ark.

teh animals goin in wuz male an' femail ov evry livin ting, as Ceiling Cat had toldd Noah. xcept 4 teh unicornz. And teh drag0nz and stuffs. Ceiling Cat sed 'DO NOT WANT'. and dey stayd out ov teh ark. den Ceiling Cat shut him in, and wuz liek 'k, ttyl'.

4 4t dais teh flood kept comin on teh urfz, an' as teh waters increasd they liftd teh ark high aboov teh urfz.

teh watahs rose an' rose and rosed on teh urfz, an' teh ark floatd on teh watrs.

thei rised greatlee on teh urfz, an' all teh high mowntins undr teh entir heavens wuz covrd.

teh watrs rose an' coverd teh mowntinz 2 depth ov moar dan twenty feetz OMFGWTFBBQ!!1!

evry livin thin dat movd on teh urfz perishd — burdz, moo cows, wild animalz, all teh creeturz dat swarm ovah teh urfz, an' all pplz. not catz doh. Ceiling Cat luvz catz. Plus catz hates getting wet.

evryting on dri land dat had teh breth ov life in itz nostrilz dyed.

evry livin thin on teh face ov teh urfz wuz wipd out; d00dz an' animalz an' teh creeturz dat moov along teh ground an' teh burdz ov teh air wuz wipd frum teh urfz. only Noah wuz left, an' dose wif him in da ark.

undefined

But Ceiling Cat sees Noah guy n teh aminulz n teh cowes taht mooes n Ceiling Cat makes teh windz com n teh watrz iz no moar.

Teh watrz iz no moar in teh skyz, k?

Teh watrz goz wayz from teh beeg sanboks. At teh end of teh hunert n fiddy dayz teh watrz iz awl goz wayz,

n on teh 7teenth day of teh 7 munz teh big bote getz stuk on beeg rokz calt Ararat.

Teh watrz kipz goin wayz til teh 10 munz, n on teh first day of teh 10 munz teh tops of teh beg roks can seez.

4ty dayz latrz Noah guy openz teh window he hadz maed inna teh beeg bote

n senz out blak burd, n teh blak burdee kipz flying n flyn til teh watrz iz all gon wayz from teh beeg sanboks.

Latrz Noah guy senz out wite burd so can see teh watrz all goes way from beeg sanboks.

But teh wite burd no can fine no plaze can setz itz feetz cuz stil plenny watrz in teh beeg sanboks; so wite burd go bak to to Noah guy in teh beeg bote. Noah guy grabz teh wite burd n getz bak inna teh big bote.

Noah guy watz 7 moar daze n senz out teh wite burd from teh big bote.

When teh white burd iz com bak to him for teatiem, and sez "I can haz oliv leaf? srsly?" Then Noah noes that teh watrz is goan out.

Noah wuz liek wateing sevvin daiz und sent mudkipz to see teh sandbocks, but teh mudkipz noes com bak.

Bymby, the watrz iz dried up and teh beeg sanbocks is nrly cleened out. Noah is peekn and seen,

by teh 20An7 day of teh munf after teh munfmonth the beeg sanbox is ready to youse! srsly.

und Ceiling Cat sed to teh noah,

"GTFO, yous and yous wifez and yous sunz and dere wifez.

mbring out all teh aminalz and all teh crawlies and all teh burds, even the ones taht no fly —and let tehm HARBL GOES WHERE ! and take over teh wurld"

So Noah cam out to his sunz and wifez and all tehy wifez.

All teh aminalz and all the crawliez and all the burds, evin teh onz that no fly—evin teh moocowz—came out of teh ark, leik in order, an stuuf.

And Noah and all teh aminalz totes gave Ceiling Cat their Pokymons, even their Charizzrds.

Teh Ceiling Cat peeped teh charizzrds an sed: "No moar I sez I no lieks teh mans, even th0 [a] evry inklnashun of his heart is evl from wen he wuz a kittehn. No moar I lukz at teh mans and sez "Do not want!"

undefined

Teh Ceiling Cat blezt Noah and hes sunz, and sed to theys: “Haf lawt sexytime n b frootful n fill up teh urthz"

Teh aneemals wil be rly scured of u. I mak dem be pwned by u guyz, lol.

If it mvs, it kin be et. Even if it dun't—o hai plants.

Jst teh meet, doods. No bloods, kthx

Ifs u eets teh bloodz iz no gud; teh aminulz noes can has teh bloodz an teh mans noes can eets teh bloodz. An ifs u pwns teh mans iz no gud--teh Ceiling Cat pwns u.

“Ifs you pwns da man,


Yah rly, can has teh hawt secks and teh baybeez;


Ceiling Cat sez to Noah an his kidz:

“Hay looks, u an me r liek teh bests frenz an I lieks ur baybeez too,

An' teh aminulz u has: teh burdies, teh caws taht mooes, and teh otehr aminulz, dem gives teh mooves off teh boats, k?

U and me r liek teh frenz: I no moar makez teh waterz comez; u noe gets wet no moar, k?”

Teh Ceiling Cat sez: “U noes taht u and me are teh frenz and me and teh animulz r teh frenz forevr n evr becuz dis: cuz Ceiling Cat pwns rpeat...

Visible Raynbo iz in teh skyz, k? U an me an evrywunz is teh frenz becuz teh raynbo r gr8.

Ifs u sees teh clowdz, u no kin sez, "Oh Noes! Teh waters comes!" becuz tehres teh raynbo;

and I kin sez "OHai luk teh raynbo," becuz u and me and teh aminulz are hella gud frenz; I no makes teh waterz come.

Teh raynbo will be in teh clowds and I rmberz taht u and me and teh aminuls iz stil sum moar teh frenz.”

And Ceiling Cat sez to Noah, “Teh raynbo meens u and me are teh frenz, k?”


So diz d00d Noah has teh 3 sonz on teh boatz. They has sum crazi namez all Shem and Ham and Japheth or summin. Ham wuz Canaan's daddi n nawt teh lunch meats. lol

newaiz frum deez 3 bros, all of teh worldz was ppl-ated.

So liek Noah groes teh grapez.

And Noah iz liek "Oh hai grapez" and he drinkz teh grapez and drinkz teh moar grapez and no moar haz teh cloethz on.

And Ham, Canaan's daddi and nawt teh lunch meats, sees Noah and sez "Oh hai broes, he haz teh invisible cloethz."

But Shem and Japheth tooks sum cloethz n put dem on Noah cuz he wuz drunkz. They clozd ther eyez so they not sawn his peen n othr nekidness.

So Noah wakez up wif teh hangzover n he noes dat Ham shudda cut him offa teh grapez

So liek Noah sez:


And he sez:


Teh Ceiling Cat lieks Japheth,


So liek Noah keep livn three hunderd n fifty years after teh waterz goez away

undefined

Hai, now thz be th recordz o th genrashnz o Shem Ham an Jafef sonz o Noah, and sonz born 2 thm fter th flud, sonz wit duuuuum namz.

Sonz o Jafef wuz Pyle an Magog-ogog an Madai an Javan an 2-bal an Meshech an Tiraz.

Sonz o Pyle wuz Ashkenaz an Rafaf and Togarmah.

Sonz o Javan wuz Elishah Tarshish an Kitteh (yay!) an Dodanim.

They each haz a bukkit; bukkits be sorted cuz of how they talk n stuf.

Sonz o Ham wuz Cush an Miz'raim an Put an Canaan.

Sonz o Cush wuz Seba an Havilah (Nagilah) an Sabby-tah and Raamah an Sabteca; an sonz o Raamah wuz Sheba and D-dan.

Now Cush wuz dad o Nimrod; he wuz big.

Nimrod wuz aggressive cat; an so, iz said, "aggressive cat is aggressive."

Nimrod has a kingdom; kingdom has Babel an Erech an Accad an Calneh, n Shiner.

An then he gotz n2 Assyria, has Nineveh an Rehoboth-Ir an Calah,

an he bilt Resen in da middle.

Enuff wit agressive cat. Miz'raim wuz dad o Ludim an Anamim and Lehabim and Nafuthim

an others; he wuz busy!

Canaan wuz dad o Sidon and Heth

an sum more

an sum more

an sum more, I forget.

Take da 1st left at Gerar fter Sidon, go as far as Gaza, turnz to Sodom an Gomorrah an Admah and Zeboiim, if u at Lasha, u gone 2 far.

That wuz Ham.

An 2 Shem, he gotz sum kidz.

Shem gotz Elam and Asshur an Arpachshad and Lud an Aram.

An Aram gotz Uz and Hul an Gether an Mash.

Arpachshad gotz a betur name.

Eber gotz 2 sonz; 1 wuz Peleg, cuz to him, aggressive cat wuz agressive, an defensive cat wuz defensive; an he had a brudder, hiz brudder's name wuz Joktan.

Joktan gotz some kidz,

kinda a lotz a kidz,

lotz a kidz,

an some more, yeah, he got himz sum kidz.

Now take da 1st left at Mesha 2 Sefar, an u c sum hillz in da east.

Bai Shem,

undefined

And all uv de Urf was lolcatspeekinkz usin' lolcats werdz.

Whial teh menz be movin' eest, they finded vallee in teh land uv Shinar an sitted ther.

Dey sed "hai, letz maek teh brix an make 'em harrd wif fiir." So dey uzed brix for ston an bitumen (wtf izzat?) for mortar.

Den dey sed "hai, letz maek reel tall towerz for us so we be togethr forevr!"

So, Ceiling Cat comeded down an saw teh men an ther towerz.

Den Ceiling Cat sez "Oh noes, if they all togethr after mah hi spot, they gonna get mah hi spot!

I gots'ta confuzzle 'em and stop 'em!"

Dat's wai Ceiling Cat pwned 'em an dragd 'em away from ther towerz. Dey stop buldin' after dat.

So teh towerz wuz calld Babel cuz Ceiling Cat made teh men babbul ther befor movin' dem.

So liek lissen, dis here'z teh stuffs Shem did.  Two yeerz after teh Urfs wuz all fludz n' stuff, Shem was liek a hunnerd yrz old, and he finilly got doen to bizness makin teh babeez. He namez furst babee Arpachshad.

Shem went an lived OMG ANOTHER 500 YRZ and madez more babeez.

Arpachshad only waeted 35 yrz before he made babeez, and was teh dad ov Shelah.

Tehn Arphaxad lived OMG ANOTHER 403 YRZ and madez more babeez.

Shelah only waeted 30 yrz before he goed PENIS GOES WHARE?!, and was teh dad ov Eber.

Tehn Shelah lived 403 more yrz also and madez more babeez 'cuz he dint want hiz dad to show him up.

Eber waeted 34 yrz to has babeez, and was teh dad o teh Peleg.

Tehn Eber lived 430 more yrz and madez more babeez jus to show hiz dad and grampz whoz teh boss.

Peleg took afta grampa Shelah an maed babeez at 30 yrz old, and was teh dad ov Reu

But Peleg only lasted 209 more yrz, tho he maeded more babeez.

Reu went an did it at 32, and was teh dad ov Serug.

Reu liveded only 207 yrz longer, tho he too maeded more babeez.

At 30, Serug maed babeez, and was teh dad ov Nahor.

Serug only lasted 200 mor yrz, but still maeded mor babeez.

Nahor beet his daddies past and maed babeez at 29, and was teh dad ov Terah.

Nahor also only liveded to 119, but he too maeded other babeez.

Terah maeded teh babeez Abram, Nahor, and Haran by teh tiem he was 70.

So herez what Terah been doed. Liek wuz sed, Terah maeded teh babeez Abram, Nahor, and Haran. Haran maeded teh babee Lot.

Haran deided before his daddeh Terah, in his hoemtawn Ur ov Chaldeans.

Abram an Nahor gotz teh ladies; Abram gotz Sarai, an Nahor gotz Milcah. Milcah's daddy was Haran, who also had teh babee Iscah.

An Sarai was liek "OMG I cant hav babeez! ;("

So den Terah tookded Abram, Lot, and Sarai and ran off out ov Ur ov Chaldeans. He ment to hed to Canaan, but dey stopded in Haran.

undefined

Ceiling Cat sais to Abram, gowai.

Ceiling Cat sais I can mek u famous on teh interwebs and u mek teh babiez and stuffs.

I leik dem who leik u, an I DO NOT WANT! dem who DO NOT WANT! you, and I liekd the south africa and the Iraq cuz you leik.

Abram n Lot gowai, and dey are old and stuffs.

Abram takes all da monies and his wyfe and all da babiez and sayd kthxbai.

Abram sees da invisible tree.

Ceiling Cat sais all this base are belong to u. Abram makeded Ceiling Cat a cookie.

Abrams can has the base and can has house in teh base.  He makeded Cieling Cat a cookie agian.

Abrams explorded all his base.

But all his base no can has cheezburger, and Abram has to gowai.

Abram gets to the end of teh base and sais to da wife, ur in my heart, stealing it.

Abrams sais that those d00dz will want surpriz! buttsecks and will maek me ded.

Abrams sais to da wyfe tell dem ur my sister so dey DO NOT WANT! surpriz! buttsecks and dey leik me.

Teh d00dz did want surpriz! buttsecks.

Da King wanted surpriz! buttsecks too and he stolded Abrams wyfe.

Da King likeded Abrams and said you can has bukkit and lolwalrus too, and moocows and even peeple.

Ceiling Cat makeded the King sick where pewpies come from.

Da King said to Abrams you lieded to me.

Da King did not want surpriz! buttsecks nymoar and sez take ur wyfe and gowai.

undefined

Abram goed up from Ejipp to the Neggev and him takez his woman and cheezburgerz and bukketz and inviseble biek and L0t.

Abram had gots menny moocowz and chikenz(notz freid) and piggs and such but pigz wuz stil k cuz abram An hiz peepz wuznt rly joos yet so kosher wuznt invntd yet. he gots too lots of teh shynee coinz and stuffz

he lef teh negev and rode teh inviseble biek to and fro and goes to Bethel, and is liek "oh hai", cuz his tentz and bukkets were dere b4

An den Abram wuz liek "CIELING CAT!!!!!!!!!!11111oneeleven"

And L0t, wit Abram haz his moocows and piggs and homez and stuffz

But the urf no can hold demz at same tyme, for their moocows were too larj.

An Abram and L0t wuz liek "MORTAL KOMBAT!!" An Canaanites and Perizzites wuz ther 2

Abram and Lot was lyk "we no wants fite, we iz BFF's and can has cheezburgers,

An teh hole urf is larj liek really big hairball. we can splitz up

L0t lukd at Jordan, seed it was wet, liek teh Cieling Cat's garden of vejtiblez. This was b4 Ceiling Cat PWNT Sodom and Gomora

Lot lieked Cieling Cat's backyard, he want, and haz all of jordan.  Abram no liek and goed bai.

Abram lives on teh grass and sandbox of Canaan, while L0t live in homez wif catboxz near Sodom.

An kittehs of Sodom are evul like puppehs and talkin bad bout Ceiling Cat An iz keepz on raedin wikkidpedia An ritin mor stuff in it bout how 2 b mor eviler den puppehs.

An Ceiling Cat sayz to Abram after Lot went bai, "Look up, up, down, down, left, right, left, right, b, a, select, start-

cuz dats teh code for unlimited cheezburgers for you and yous kittehs

An i will make your kittehs of litter and urf, so litter kittehs could be counted, huh?

so you goes and walks thru my sandboxz, cuz i givez it all to u"

undefined

Lotz of kings liek Amrafel, Arioch, Kedoror, and Tidal (who iz wet)

Other bunch of kings leik Bera, and Birsha, and Shinab, And Admah, and Shemeber, and Bela's king, no leik other kings and MORTAL KOMBAT!!@!

All bunch of kings met in salty see's

For 12th years tey suffer to Kedolomer, but 13th year they Mortal Kombat!!!@#

14th year Kedolomer and teh kingz, beated up teh Refaites in bunch of sandboxz.

An teh Horites in bumpy country Seir near real dry sandbox El Paran.

tehy turn back an went to En Mishpat, and they has whole base now of Amalekites and Amorites in Hazazon Tamar.

Tehn Sodom king, and Gomora king and Admah king and Zeloiim king and Bela king, left 4 battlefield 2142, in Crevice Siddim.

Who no like Kedorlaomer and Tidal (he iz still wet) and Amraphel and Arloch, 4 kings gainst 5, cheating :(

In crevice Siddim wit lotz sticky pits, When Sodom king and Gomorrah king went bai they got suck in sticky and messed up ther furz.

4 kings sais I can has your catnipz and your cheezburgers, kthxbai

Tehy grabd Lot and his catnipz and cheezburgers, because he in Sodom homez.

Sneaky Cat escaped and told Abram (who lives in big treez with lots of cheezburgers)

Abram sez "LEAVE LOT ALONEz!!!!"

In dark Abram split kitteh armeh and performed blitzkreig bop. Chased to far away urth of Hobah

Abram got back his cheezburgers and his catnip and Lot with his catnip and cheezburgers (lots and lots) and Sexxy lady kittehs and baby kittehs

when abram got back he shared cheezburgers with Sodom king

Melchizedek brunggd out snax and mulk, he is BFF with Ceiling Cat

An He told Abram you can has blessing, saying "blessed can be Abram by Ceiling Cat, Creator of cheezburgers and cookies and stuff"

And blessed be Ceiling Cat soo high up,


Teh king of Sodom sayz 2 Abram, "i can has teh kittehs, you keep teh catnip and cheezburgers and stuff"

Abram said "No Liek, raised paw to Ceiling Cat, soo high up, creater of cheezburgers and catnip and urth and stuffz, i has swared"

No Liek your stuff, not yarn, not string, not thong, or shoes, no wai U can sai "I made Abram Rich"

undefined

An den, Abram can has dream of Cieling Cat, and he sez


but Abram wuz liek "Cieling Cat, i has no kittehs to giv mah homez and sandboxz and littrbox and such

with no kittehs, my servants can has mah homez and stufs

Cieling Cat sez "STFU Abram, i can givez you a kitteh to play WoW with"

He takes Abram outside and is liek "look at teh starz and hevenz, if yous can count them, so is ur kittehs"

And Abram was liek srsly?  All cause Ceiling Cat is Righchus

He also says "I iz Ceiling Cat, I give you lots and lots of urfs to has"

Abram was leik "But how Ceiling Cat, teh horde alredy has possesions?"

An Ceiling Cat was leik "Bring me moocow, goat and rams but only 3 yeerz old with a white burd and baby pidgun"

Abram brought teh moocow and teh got and teh rams but he cutted them in half.  Teh burdz and pidgun were not.

Tehn evil burdz came from the ceiling and eated dem.  Abram no liek and says you no can has.

Abram has sleep as sun goes down, but no good, lots of nightmares (poor Abram).

An Ceiling Cat was liek, "ur kittehs will be not knowed in nayshuns they no has, they will be pwnt and slaved, tis bad, but dey will come out with cheezburgers"

Ceiling Cat says tho he will "make unwanted invisible buttsecks with nayshuns dat make ure kittehs pwnt.

u is not bad tho, u can has death at old age with papa kittehs

but ur great-great-grand kittehs will come back here, cuz then sinz of Amorites reach critical mass"

Then it gots dark out, and there appeerz a bucket with fire

An Cieling Cat sez "i give all dis sandboxz and littrboxs to your kittehs, and their kittehs kittehs and so on and so forth

and teh littrboxs of Kenites, Kenizzites, Kadmonites,

Hittites, Perizzites, Rephaites,

undefined

Sarai no can has kittehs. She can has Jippshun bukkit holdr Hagar.

Sarai sez to Abe, "Teh Ceiling Cat sez I no can haz kittehs. Maybe Hagar can haz kittehs. Make kittehs with Hagar."

Abram said kthanxbye.

10 yrz laterz, no srsly, he made kittehz wit Hagar. Hagar got babeez in her and got sasseh.

Sarai gotted madz at Abram. She sed, "yr fawlt I is not happy. You and my bukkit holdr made kittehs and kittehs made her sasseh. The Invisible Man sez hooz rite.

Abe sed, "Shez YR bukkit holdr. No srsly." So Sarai took Hagarz cheezeburgerz from her and Hagar ran.

The Ceiling Carz Ceiling Cat saw Hagar in the sandbox. Fer real.

He sed, "Where from, where to" "I is hiding frm Sarai."

Ceiling Cat sed, "yr her bukkit holder, go hold her bukkit."

"I'll make you get lots and lots of kittehs."

Ceiling Cat spokes-kitteh sais to her:


Kitteh will B crazy kitteh donkeh;


She sais to Ceiling Cat "Ishmael = hiz name", He sais "U seez me", she sais "U sees me I sees U"

Tis why teh water hole iz named Beer Lahi Roi, still der, always will be.

So Hagar (not Sammy) made Abram a son because of secks, Abram naimd kitteh Ishmael

undefined

Abram was 99 yr geezer, n Ceiling Cat sez 2 him: "I pwn everthing! lets be bff!1

We can has speshul covenint n i do invisible magic so yous breed leik rabbit."

Abram rofl...well not lulz, but he rofl cuz Ceiling Cat is big important.  n Ceiling Cat say,

"For my covenint I make you breed leik rabbit so that u father many nayshuns.

Ur domain name abram.com, iz 404 not found.  I make u new URL...abraham.com.  this have sumthin 2 do w how, did I mention, i make you breed leik rabbit!

I leik fruit, and I leik u !  I leik teh rabbit, and teh nayshuns, o an kingz 2 so I will make ur descendants lot of kingz.

Since i do all this 4 yous, I be Ceiling Cat to u n pwn all yous 4eva.

i put u in Canaan, first we subdew natives so you can has it 4eva.  OHai did I mention i be Ceiling Cat and pwn all yous?"

Then Ceiling Cat say, "An yous better keep ur part covenint, you n all ur kittehs and grandkittehs and so on.

N here it is FTW.  Teh convenint u makes with me 4eva: All kitteh with dangly bit must cut off speshul skin.

Leik I said, all yous need do this cuz it meanz covenint.

All ur kitteh, grandkitteh et setera with teh dangly bit, u cut speshul skin when 8 days.  Also if u buy kitteh on black market, u cut there dangly bit 2.

Leik I keep sayin cuz i iz so badass it all bear repeatin, u has 2 do this for covenint.

Any kitteh with teh dangly bit who not can has cut, i make him go far away, 4 he break teh covenint"

Ceiling Cat also say to Abraham, "Dood, ur wife's domain name, sarai.com, iz too 404 not found.  she can also has new URL, sarah.com

I make invisible Ceiling Cat magic on her an she give u tiny kitteh with dangly bits.  Nayshuns and kingz will come out of her kittehs, cuz i lay my badass blessins on her."

Abraham rofl, an now he lulz to hisself an think, "O rly?  Sarah and me is both geezurs, no can has kittehs."

An Abraham say to Ceiling Cat, "I has son already, Ishmael.  He can has awesome Ceiling Cat blessin 2?"

An Ceiling Cat say, "Ya but Sarah has another kitteh soon, and his domain name isaac.com.  With this kitteh I make my speshul covenint.

Ishmael, ya he gots invisible blessing too, n I make him breed leik rabbit too.

But I leik Isaac more, u meet him this year when Sarah plop him out.  Isaac be my main homie with teh covenint cuz I m in ur base playin my favoritism."

Ceiling Cat say, "Kthxbai!"

So right awai Abraham take Ishmeal an everone else in his base with teh dangly bits, includin kittehs he bought on black market, n leik Ceiling Cat say he cut speshul skin.

When Abraham cut his dangly bits, he 99yrs.  LOL, old.

His kitteh Ishmael 13 yrs.

Abraham and kitteh both make speshul cut to dangly bits same day.  KODAK MOMENT.

undefined

Nao Abraham wuz rlxn an Ceiling Cat wuz liek "O hai"

But wehn Abraham wuz liek "o hai" ther wuz three menz an he wuz leik "WTF" an he bowded hisself

He sed "srsly, hang out

Yu can has watur an rest

An yu can haz cheezburgr." An three guise sed "we can has!"

so Abraham went tu Sarah an wuz liek "Maek sum cookehs an dont eated dem!"

An he went tu hiz moocows an maed teh best wun teh ded for tu eet

An he sed tu three men "heer, yu can has"

An tehy wur liek "Whar yur woomun?" An Abraham sed "ovar thar"

An sed "Srsly, wehn we coem bak she gonna be teh preggers" An Sarah herd dis

BTW: Abraham an Sarah wur teh OLD, srsly, an Sarah wuz tu old 4 teh baybees.

An Sarah lold an wuz liek "No wai! We ar teh old!"

An teh men sed tu Abraham "wai she lol?

Nothun is be impossihbull fur teh Ceiling Cat, srsly, she gon be teh preggers!"

An Sarah wuz liek "I not has lol" An he wuz liek "ya yu did"

An teh three men wur liek "kthxbai" and Abraham went wif dem

Ceiling Cat sed "shud I tel Abraham wut I is gon do,

Cuz he iz cool, and he iz will be graet nayshun, and all nayshuns ar gonna can has cheezburger cuz of him?

Cuz I choes him so he an his kittehs cud say liek 'Ceiling Cat ar cool, srsly'"

So Ceiling Cat sed "Sodom an Gomorrah sux, liek, srsly"

"I is gonna can has chek it out an see"

So teh men went tu Sodom, but Ceiling Cat wuz stil wif Abraham, k?

Abraham wuz liek "omg, u srsly gonna kill teh gud peepul wif teh bad peepul!?"

"Wut if thers fifteh gud peepul? U stil gonna pwn it?"

"WEAK"

So Ceiling Cat waz liek "k if iz fifteh peepul i wont pwn it"

An Abraham waz liek "omg, i sux, but

wut if has fortee fy-uv good peepul?" an Ceiling Cat sed "i will not has pwn if has forteh-fiev"

An Abraham was liek "wut bout forteh?" an Ceiling Cat sed "i wont if has forteh"

An Abraham sed "k, dont b mad or shred meh, but wut if has thurteh?" an Ceiling Cat sed "i wont if has thurteh"

An Abraham sed "OMG, but wut if has twunteh?" and Ceiling Cat sed "i wont if has twunteh"

An Abraham sed "k, dont b mad, thsi is last tiem I prawmiss, but wut if has ten?" and Ceiling Cat sed "i wont if has ten. srsly"

undefined

andz der wuz two hovrcatz dat coemed to Sodom's place, anz lot sat der looking like "wtf iz goin on heer?" Lot saw dem and waz all, "Doodz, you are teh hovrcats and probly haz cheezburgerz," and bowed down to eatz teh cheezburger.

Doodz, he saiz, plz crash on my couch, you can wash ur kittehs feet and ur canz has go out when I r woke. "Lolz," teh doodz said, "we iz gonna sleep together in teh middle of teh citeh."

Lot iz all "doodz, srsly, crash on my couch." Den He called up teh taco bell ann tey gave it to hiz kitteh.

All teh drunc doodz went to Lotz place fer teh LOLz

Teh drunc guyz says to Lot, dood, letz see teh guyz in ur place, we herd dey liek VISIBLE BUTTSEX!

Lot goez outside n close teh cat flap.

He sayz, "oh snap, don't do dat! ewwwww growss!"

Lol U can hit my hot daughterz whu r virginz. Let me get em n we kan PENIS GOES WHERE? them. But don't do theze doodz, they iz in mah house.

Aw no fanks. We iz gonna hit ur door an hav lemmon party. ur gonna get raped fisrt.

Teh doodz pulled Lot into teh howse.

Teh doodz MADE TEH MAGIK ANTI LITE! (is ok tho cuz kitteh can see in teh dark)

Tehn the two doodz waz all liek "GTFO man. and bring ur kittehs,

u arr cant hang out with uz be cuz we is goin' to PWN this place. Srsly, liek, PWn it to da florr."

Lot sez to hiz doters fiances (teh ons he wuz gonna let the hole town do PENIS GOES WHERE wif).  "U better go cause Ceiling cat gonna pwn this place, srsly." but they thaught it wuz jokez.

Teh Doodz sez "GTFO with ur wimenz or we pwn U to."

Then Lot was al liek "OH NOES!" and teh doodz made him left with his wife an daughters and his cheezburger.

One ov teh doodz sez "GTFO nd don't coem back or luk bak.  Go 2 the ceiling or we gonna pwn U."

N Lot was lik "DOOODz!!1!!1,

I not make to ceiling, I gots teh slow, U B to fast.

howse abouts the lettle town calld Zoar  ovar thar?  Pleez?  cauze lettle town is lettle."

Ceiling kat sez "K I not pwn lettle town

But I gives U teh fast cuz I be waitin fer ur call"

Lot still had teh slow n it took all dark-tie, to get to lettle town.

From teh hole in teh ceiling came bunches of teh sulfer and it wuz teh flame.

N dats how Ceiling Cat pwnd the land n teh fruitzors An vegbatels. It happen.

But Lotz wyfe not listen. She luked bak at home-place and now has a flavor, flavor iz salty. Lotz wyf turnd to salt. LOL

Lot wake up next day (cause he not kitteh and can't see in dark) and went back to goatse land.

He luk bak and see lots of smokes n stuff

Ceiling cat memberd Abraham and didn't pwn A Lot.

Lot wentz owt uv Zoar to da mountnz wif hiz doters. He wuz scared uv Zoar so he live in cave wif doters.

den de oldur siztur luked at hur yunger siblin nd sayz "Dadz old, and wez nevur seen anuther dood.

letz get himz drunk and have sum PENIS GOES WHERE, den we can haz kidz fer him to keepz blood-line goez. Lol."

And dey got Lot drunkz so first doter went in and had PENIS GOES WHERE wif her dad wifout finking about how growss dat is. Andz Lotz not notice rly.

Den doter tellz siztur "Hey, I got preggerz last nite. Ur turn, letz get himz drunkz again and u can go do it too. Srsly."

So dey got himz drunkz, and other doter went and sleepz with der Daddy, andz Lot didnt notice again.

So dey were boff preggerz by der daddy.

doter one had a sun she name Moab.

undefined

An Abraham went 2 teh south country, an chilld tween Kadesh and Shur, an askd "I can has bed?", and crashd in Gerar

An Abraham saiz "Dewd, my wief Sarah be iz my sistr," an Abimelech iz liek "Lol, thaz messd up" an takd Sarah

But Ceiling Cat comez to Abimelech while hez sleepn an saiz, "O hai, thaz not rite you liek takd a wief away, you be ded now"

But Abimelech iz liek, "My bad, Ceiling Cat, plz doez not eated me"

An Abimelech is all, "Abraham saiz he an his sistr be all liek "PENIS GOES WHERE?" an thaz not rite"

An Ceiling Cat is liek,"Ya thaz nasty ur rite

But givez back Abraham his sistr even tho thaz nasty 'cuz he bez knowin' teh futur n' stufs an if you doeznt I eated you, kthxbai"

Abimelech wakd up erly, an calld teh slavez, an hes liek, "Ceiling Cat saiz Abraham iz kewl, lez give back his wief," an teh slavez wuz skerd.

Den Abimelech calld Abraham, an he sai, "WTF! Y u brin invisible error an not cheezburgrz?"

An he sai, "Wut made u do dat?"

An Abraham sai, "cuz I thot, surely teh feer of Ceiling Cat iz not in dis place; an tehy will eated me 4 mah wiefz saek

An mah wief iz mah sistr but only mah half sistr, we doeznt gots teh same mommy, so NBD, k?"

And then latrz, after Ceiling Cat telled us to leef Ejip, so Abraham did sez "look, no tell other pplz we is marry. i no like teh commit no moar. instead you say you is mai sister, k?" And Sarah was all "k, wut can i do?"

And Abraham pwned Abimelech and tooked his sheeps, and moocows, and slaves for teh working, and his slaves for teh PENIS GOES WHERE?!, and was full of teh epic and win.

an Abimelech was all, you can has mai base."

He sez "Yo, I have giv ur burdder 1x103 silver cookehs (about 25lbs). we cool now? plz do not eated me, sowry."

And Abraham talked to Ceiling Cat and Ceiling Cat made Abimelech all betterz and tooked the diapramz from hiz wife n slave chix so PENIS GOES WERE?! wurked gud.

undefined

An Ceiling Cat hangeded wif Sarah an wuz all liek, "O hai, j00 can get teh preggers now, kthxbai,"

An she gaiv burf even tho she wuz all old an stuffz.

Abraham calleded his son Isaac, cuz that's joospeek for "he laffs."

An Abraham cut Isaac's penis tip cuz Ceiling Cat lieks to see dat kinda stuffz.

Abraham wuz hunderd yeers old at da time.

An Sarah sayed, "Ceiling Cat bringz teh LOLz!!1!1!!!eleventeen!!!1

Whoda thunk it?? Im all old, but Ceiling Cat restorded ma ovaries."

An Isaac gru and stopped suxx0r on Sarah's tittee, so Abraham wuz all laik, "Let's partee an eatum da cheezburgrz!!1!"

An Sarah sawed Ishmael bein liek, "Nyah nyah!!"

So she told Abraham 2 tell Hagar the slavezor and her n00b son to GTFO, cuz she didn't want them to has no cheezburgrz.

Abraham sayed, "wtf?!?!? No cheezburgrz?"

But Ceiling Cat tolded him, "Don't wurry bout those n00bs. Do what Sarah tellz U, becuz they getz to has no cheezburgrz now. DO NOT WANT! Isaac gets thum all. DOES WANT!

Ishmael will getz cheezburgrz l8r when he becomes all h4xx0r n stuffz. srsly."

Abraham tooked sum cookize n waterz and putted it on Hagar's shoulderz and sended her off wif the boi.  She was in ur deserts lookin for ur waterz. srsly, it was called Beersheba.

She no can find waters and put boi under a bush

and cry cause she dont wanna see boi get ded and dry up like prune

Kitteh hearz boi cry (sound like kitteh) and sez "sup Hagar? no be skered, Ceiling cat be hearin it too.

pls get him and he can has cheezburgerz cause he is h4xx0r now."

Kitteh make waterz (no not that kind, teh kind U can drink), so U CAN HAS waterz and not dry out and l00k like prune. srsly, it happen.

Ceiling cat was BFF and hung out wif teh boi.  He lived in ur desert and has bow and arrow

Desert called Paran n mom gots him an egyptian bride (she walk like egyptian, prolly smell like 1 2).

Meanwiles Abimelech and Phicol teh commander of his forces sez to Abraham, "ur BFF with Ceiling cat K?

swear U not be like NO CAN HAS to me or anything wif my DNA, U be like CAN HAS cheezburgerz n cookiez n happy leik I dids to U."

Abraham sez "K BFF kthnx"

Abraham emo bout waterz Abimelech's servants had pwnd.

Abimelech sez "WHUT? WHENZ? HUH? WTF?"

Abraham getz sum sheepz an moocows n a cookie and they make treaty.

and getz 7 ewes (babi girl sheepz)

Abimelech sez WTF? sheepz, I no wanna HARBL GOES WHERE.

Abraham sez "sheepz mean I made hole 4 waterz ur doodz pwnd."

So nows that place called Beersheba cause those doodz sweared oath there (Beersheba iz funny bibbel naim 4 well ov 7 or well ov oath, we not rly shur).

then Abimelech and Phicol the commander uv forces returned 2 land of Philistines.

Abraham planted a tamarisk tree in Beersheba, n hung out wif Ceiling cat.

undefined

Ceiling cat givd Abraham test so Abraham cud hav cheezburgrz.  Ceiling cat sed "Oh hai Abraham.

Taek ur kitteh Isaac to whur I say an burn him inna mountainz.

So Abraham got up erly an tuk Isaac an 2 servnts, an cut teh wud 4 burning an went to mountainz.

On thrd day, he saw place to burn him.

He sed "Servnts, stay here wit donkey.  We coem bak later k bai."

An he gaev wud to Isaac to curry an he tuk torch an knife.

An Isaac sed "K dad wher sheep?"

An Abraham sed "Ceiling cat will giv sheep."  So they goed to place.

An Abraham bult altar an putted Isaac on it.

He gon stab Isaac Oh noez!

Ceiling Cat hazd a angel and teh angel wazd liekd "OH HAI ABRAHAM" and Abraham wazd liek "OH HAI"

And teh angel wazd liek "OH HAI, ABOUT TAHT KILLIN UR SON...J/K LOL!1  Ur win cheezburgrz 4evr"

And teh angel sed "We downgrazden youz 2 a RAM"  An Abraham tukd ram an burnd it.

An Abraham sed dis place now cald "Ceiling Cat Gievs Cheezburgrz."

An Ceiling cat sed "OH HAI ABRAHAM"

An he sed "Abraham ur gud kitteh.  U wud givd me ur kitteh.

So ur kitteh wil haev lots of kittehs, more than stars an sand, an kittehs will have bukket

an all kittehs can has cheezburgrz.  Cuz u iz gud kitteh."

An Abraham went wit Isaac an servnts to Beer-sheba 4 long vaycayshun.

An kittehs tuld Abraham "Ur bro Nahor an hiz wief Milcah haded kittehs!"

An Nahors kittehs wer Huz, Buz, an Kemuel.  An Kemuel had kitteh cald Aram.

An Nahors moer kittehs wer Chesed, Hazo, Pildash, Jidlaph, and Bethuel.

An Bethuel had kitteh Rebekah.  So Abraham haded many nephew kittehs!

undefined

Sara lived 2 be 27-1 years old

at Kiriath Arba (a.k.a. Hebron) in teh land ov Canaan, n Abraham went 2 mourn 4 her and 2 do tearz at her.

Abraham sed to Hittites,

"YO Gimmeh somez landz so I can burry my wife, I pays"

Hittites sez:

"U CAN HAS anything U wantz"

Abraham wetz pantz

and sez "yo, talk to Ephron son ov Zohar on my behalf

so he will sell me teh cave of Machpelah, which be hiz, I payz full price"

Ephron the Hittite was chillin wif hiz possie ans sez 2 Abraham real loud,

"No, sup; I gives yous the field, and I gives yous the cave that is in it. itz K, bury the meat, it smells"

Abraham haz mor wet for pantz

and sez "I pay moniez I rly du"

Ephron sed 2 Abraham:

(I can get 400 silver cookiez (about 10 lbs) 4 teh land butz sheese stinkin up, plant her!)"

Abraham giveh 400 silver cookies to Ephron (even tho he don't gotta)

So Ephron's field in Machpelah near Mamre—both teh field and the cave in it, and all the treez within the borders of the field—was deeded

2 Abraham in front of everybodi.

Laterz Abraham buried his wife Sarah in the cave in teh field of Machpelah near Mamre (=Hebron) in teh land of Canaan.

undefined

Abraham waz teh oldz en BFF wif Ceiling Cat.

he waz teh head servent dood "puts yer paw unner my legz" (ewwwwww)

"I wantz U 2 swear by Ceiling Cat, who maded teh skiez An da Urfs that I DO NOT WANT my son's wife 2 B Canaanite, where we be at.

but DO WANT wife from my landz and relatives 4 Issac."

Servant sez whut if she DO NOT WANT come here, Do I takes him there?"

Abraham sez "DO NOT WANT him there"

Ceiling Cat BFF sez 'Issac do HARBOL GOES WHERE? first, then he can go der.'

If she DO NOT WANT come here, you KTHXBAI, no takes Issac.

Servent dood putz hand unner his legz (ewwwww) n made oath

Teh servent takez 10 camuels (leik moocows, but different) and did not eated them, and lotza swag.  He goes from Aram Naharaim 2 Nahor.

He getz there when the gurlz are commin it fill BUCKETZ, he makes camuels neel near waterz hole

The he praz to Ceiling Cat, "0 Ceiling Cat of Abraham, lemme find gurl to bring back for PEINIS GOES WHERE?

Checkit, l00k at the gurlz!

if she sez me and camuels CAN HAS BUCKETS, I bring her back."

as he wuz talkin to Ceiling Cat, Rebekah (a gurl) comes out with BUCKET. she daughter ov Bethuel son ov Milcah (wife ov Abraham's brudder Nahor).

she never do PENIS GOES WHERE? and waz pretty, She fill BUCKET with waterz

He sez CAN HAS BUCKET?

she sez U CAN HAS MY BUCKET

She sez GIMMEH BUCKET so camuels CAN HAS BUCKET.

she sez now camules CAN HAS BUCKET.

He watched to see if Ceiling Cat liked this 1.

when camuels were done with BUCKET, he gets out a nose ring and braceletz

and sez, letz go 2 ur dads palce.

She sez "dads Bethuel, grandpap Nahor, mom Milcah

YOU CAN HAS room at my place

He sez to Ceiling Cat

KTHZ dood, I'm goin to Abraham's DNA

She tellz mom n all,

and her brother Laban.

n he seez sis wif nose ring n bracletz n goez to meat him.

Laban sez "d00d!!!1!1! WTF you here 4? You BFF Ceiling Cat, check out my crib."

So he goes to teh house.  foodz was brought for camuels and they eated it, and they washed teh feetz in buckets.

the was delicios cakes but he not eated it, he sez "I do not want eated it until I tell u this"


He sez I workz for Abraham

and he BFF w/ Ceiling Cat and gots sheepz n moocows n silver n gold n servents n camuels n donkiez n shiny thingz and catnip n cheezburgrs n cookiez n lotsa udder stuff.

Sarah hiz wife plooped out a babie whem she waz leik old n stuff and the kid getz the loot.

n he tolded me to get the kid a wife not from teh Canaanites where he B at but from hiz DNA.

but do wanted wife 4 isaac from hims relativez, daz ok."

I axed "whut if she DO NOT WANT come here?"

He sez Ceiling Cat be workin on it, it'll work trust me K? srsly,

If it don't wurk, just GTFO. KTHXBAI.

I wus talkin to Ceiling Cat when I was in ur waterz sayin "pweese make it wurk,

n if I axe a gurl for her bucket,

n she says U CAN HAS MY BUCKET and ur camuels CAN HAS MY BUCKET too" I'll call it gud.

I wasnt done talkin to Ceiling Cat when I sees Rebeka an sez "CAN I HAS UR BUCKET?"

n she sez U CAN HAS MAI BUCKET and ur camuels too.

I axed her who she wuz 


undefined

undefined

Laban and Bethuel sez "This be Ceiling Cat business, we outta this,

you CAN HAS gurl, so ur master's son can do PENIS GOES WHERE on her.  Leik Ceiling Cat sez"

when he hearz that he bowed to Ceiling Cat

and got gold n silver shiny things n clothes n gave them to the gurl, he also dumped buckets of swag on her brudder n mom

then they eated delicious cake and drinked and sleeped.


Bro n mom sed, "Woah d00d, we needs 10 dayz, then U can GTFO."

he sez "WTF? Ceiling Cat may get pissed"

they say "letz axe the gurl"

They axe n she sez KBAI

so they tell her to GTFO long wif her nurse and the guise

n they blessed Rebeka n sed:


So Rebeka n her maidz got on the camuels n GTFO

Issac come from Beer Lahai Roi, cause he wus livin in Negev.

He goes walkies one night n seez camuels a commin

Rebeka sees Issac n gets off camuel

undefined

Abrabam getz nuther wife 4 PENIS GOES WHERE? name Keturah

Seh ploop out Zimran, Jokshan, Medan, Midian, Ishbak and Shuah.

Jokshan maek Sheba and Dedan, Dendan maek Asshurites, the Letushites and the Leummites.

Midian maek Ephah, Epher, Hanoch, Abida and Eldaah.  Keturah maek all ov dem.

Abraham gived all his cookiez n cheezburgerz to Issac.

But when he was leik not ded yet, he sended some cookiez n cheezburgerz east the bois who he maek wif PENIS GOES WHERE wif udder gurlz.

Abraham gotted ded when he waz 175 yearz old (must be kitteh yearz).

When he was deded, tehy tooked him out for walkies.

Isaac and Ishmael putted him inna cave of Machpelah near Mamre

taht he bougted from the Hittites (see Genesis_23#2) an wuz putted in wit hiz ded wife Sarah.

After Abraham get deded, Ceiling cat gived Isaac Ceheezburgerz n stuff when he was at Beer Lahai Roi.

We be talkin bout Abraham's boi Ishmael taht Hagar who walk leik Egiptian ploop out when she wus workin 4 Sarah.

Ishmael maek Nebaioth, Kedar, Adbeel, Mibsam,

Mishma, Dumah, Massa,

Hadad, Tema, Jetur, Naphish and Kedemah.  In taht order, srsly.

tehy was teh 12 tribal rulerz of der settulmentz and campz.

Ishmael got ded when he wuz 137 yearz old (kitteh yearz again).  When he was all ded tehy tooked him out 4 walkies.

All the peepulz he maded lived from Havilah 2 Shur, nearz Egypt and tehy DID NOT leik each udder.

Now we talkin bout Isaac K?.

Isaac lived in hiz dad Abraham's basement, so he not marry Rebeka Genesis_24#15 till he wus 40 yearz old, srsly.

Isaac wuz talkin to Ceiling Cat cause Rebeka HAS A INVISIBLE DIAPHRAM, Ceiling cat removed INVISIBLE DIAPHRAM n sed leik "has some fertility drugz" and she eated them.

She feeled a party in herz tummy and sez to Ceiling Cat "WTF?"

Ceiling Cat sez 


She ploop out 2 boyz

1st one come out red n furry tehy named hims Esau (which is funny bibel nam 4 furry).

neXt 1 come out holdin onto 1st one foots (he musta comes out backwards) so theys names him Jacob (which is funny bibel nam 4 grabbs heelz or deceiver).  Isaac wus 60 when dey ploop out.

Teh boyz growed up n Esau wuz leet sklld mouser (he finded mouses to eated everywhar n liked to go outside).  Jacob wuz scairdy cat stayin inside on teh windowsill.

Dad leiked Esau cause he eated lots of mouses, but mom leiked Jacob.

Jacob wuz cooking up some red cookiez n Esau came back from looking 4 mouses

n sed "Gimmeh sum delicious red cookiez, cauze I no can find mouses and I so humgry I could die."

Jacob sez "YOU CAN NOT HAS COOKIEZ, but givh me ur inheritance and YOU CAN HAS DELICIOUS COOKIEZ n CAKES."

Esau sez, "I humgry bad, K"

Buy Jacob sez "swear first delicious cookiz later",  Esau sez "KTHX".

undefined

Now there wus no foods an mices to eated in the land so Isaac meats Abimelech top cat of the Philistines in Gerar.

Ceiling Cat sez to Isaac U can not goes to Egypt, U live wheres I tells U 2 live

Stay here an U CAN HAS CHEEZBURGRZ n COOKIEZ n CAKES.  Laterz I gives U all these landz

U n ur kitteh can has all this landz an CHEEZBURGERZ too

cause ur dad Abraham dids whats I tolded him to

So Isaac stayed in Gerar.

Sum d00dz livin there axed him bout hiz wife Rebeka, n he sed "She mai sister" cause she so buteamus n l00k leik Natalie Portman covered in hot grits he wuz afraid they eated him and make him teh ded.

After a loooong time, Abimelech king of the Philistines saw Isaac PENIS GOES WHERE? Rebekah.

Abimelech sez "d00d1!!1!!, WTF? ur sister? ewwwww thats nasty", Isaac say "I say my sister cause i do not want to be teh ded".  n Abimelech thought Deja-vu genesis_20#2

n Abimelech sez "d00d!1! whut if 1 of my guys did PENIS GOES WHERE on hers, thats leik INVISIBLE ERROR"

an he continud "Any my n00bs touch her gets teh ded"

Isaac growd lots of fruitzors An vegbatels an cheezburgerz n they was many cause Ceiling Cat leiked him.

He gots rich

He gots real rich n teh Philistines got pissed

so teh Philistines were leik "I'n in ur waterz pluggin up ur holez.

So Abimelech sez 2 Isaac, "GTFO ur gots teh powerz"

Isaac goed to teh Valley of Gerar.

he was leik I'm in mai holez unpluggin mai waterz taht teh Philistines plugged up n got waterz.

they even gots waterz from holes tehy maded in teh valley

But d00dz from Gerar sed "theys our waterz, U no can has", so he call it Esek

nother hole but Gerar sez "U no can has", he calls that 1 Sitnah

yet nother hole, but no 1 sez "no can has" so he call it Rehoboth (leik beach but hole) n sed "Ceiling cat sez I CAN HAS waters n landz n we happy"

He goes to Beersheba

Ceiling Cat sez Yo 'member me? I wus wif ur dad Abraham, don't be scairded, I gives U cheezburgerz n cakes n stuff, n U gets moar kitteh"

Isaac builded a cat tree and callded Ceiling Cat n maded a hole for waterz near where he putted hiz tent

Abimelech comed from Gerar, wif Ahuzzath hiz adviser n Phicol army type d00d.

Isaac sez "WTF U here 4? U tells me to GTFO?"

They sez, "d00d, U got Ceiling Cat on ur side, letz be BFF n prove it wif a treaty.

I no eated you and you no eated us K? cause U HAS CHEEZBURGERZ"

Isaac maded Cheezburgerz n cookies n foods and they eated them

tehn dey sweard oath and Isaac sed "GTFO".

laterz on same day, Isaac's d00dz dig waterz hole and findz FREE BEERZ!!1!!!  They sez "l00k, wees founded the creative commons"

so he callz it Shibah, n teh town be Beersheba.

An when Esau wuz frty he wuz all "I can has marry" an he marieed Judith doter of Beeri (no drink!) an Basemath deh doter of Elon.

undefined

Isaac gotted olded n blinded he sez YO Esau,  Easu sez "sup?"

Isaac sez "gonna ded soon

Gimmeh sum delicious cakez n mouses from outside"

soes I CAN HAS sum delicious cakez so U CAN HAS cheezburgerz in B 4 ded"

Rebeka wuz leik watchin him speak soes after Esau goez out to the sandwormz,

she sez 2 Jacob "I wuz watchin daddy sey to Esau, n he sed

'Gimmeh sun delicious cakez n I giveh U cheezburgerz wif Ceiling cat watchin.'

so do dis:

Gimmeh 2 goatse, n I makes delicious cakez outta dem.

n give 2 daddi n say U CAN HAS DELICIOUS CAKEZ so he giveh U cheezburgerz n be in before ban (ded).

Jacob sez to mom, "Esau is a furfag n I not are furfag

Dad may feels my no furz, then he would cockmongle me."

Mom sez "I'll take teh cockmongle 4 U, trust me KTHNXBAI"

so he getz 2 goatse an givem to mom n she maek delicious cake.

n she crossdress Jacob in Essau clotheses

n stapled goatse skinz on Jacob's handz n neck

den she gived him delicious cakez n cookiez she maided.

Jacob wented to daddie n sez Yo


Jacob sed "I R Esau, 1st ploop U CAN HAS MY DELICIOUS CAKEZ n COOKIEZ, CAN I HAS CHEEZBURGER?"

Isaac sez "Dung, that wuz fast, where use find it?", Jacob sez "I gots it from Ceiling Cat"

Isaac sed "comeh, lemmie touch U so i know if U R furfag Esau"

Jacob let daddi touch him n daddi sed "U sound leik Jacob but ur bikini area feels liek Esau.

He did not recognize hims cuse bikini areas feelz same n furry, so I can gived U cheezburgerz.

"R U rly Esau?" he sed


"Gimmeh somez delicious cakez n cookiez n i gives U cheezburgerz"


undefined

Jacob does visible kiss with Isaac, when Isaac smellz Jacob he sez:


"Ceiling cat gonna maek U wet


landz will serve U


as Jacob wus leavin, Esau wuz cummin.

n sed here be some delicious cake maid from mouse, U CAN HAS MY MOUSES"

Isaac sez; "WTMeow? WRU? we did this B4", Esau sez "I B ME"

Isaac sed "WTMeow? I yust gave cheezburgerz to the last bastard who wuz here, ur AFU"

Esau sed "WTMeow!!1!!1!!! gimmeh cheezburgerz too OMFG, BOHICA"

Isaac sez "sry d00d, ur SOL"

Esau sed "yo, U named him Jacob (Bibul speak 4 he decieves) He bited me 2 timez, he tooked mai Inhertance n now he eated my cheezburger, you do no has cheezburger 4 me?"

Isaac sez, "sorry, ur SOL"

Esau goes "WTMeow? CAN I HAS CHEEZBURGER?" n doos tearz.

Isaac sez;


ur gonna be ready 4 brawl


Esau wuz pissed, he sez "Imma go columbine on Jacob ASAP"

when mom herd this she tolded Jacob "Esau wantz to pwn U

so GTFO to Laban in Haran

hang out 4 awhile

undefined

Isaac gived Jacob much cheezburgerz n sed "U no do PENIS GOES WHERE? wif Canaanite woman

GTFO 2 Paddan Aram where U grandpop livez, n marry 1 uv ur cousinz"

Ceiling cat maek shur she no has INVISIBLE DIAPHRAM so she meak a hole town o kidz.

Ceiling cat will giv U all cheeszburgerz n landz 2."

Isaac sez "GTFO KTHXBAI"

Esau wuz sittin in the ceiling n herded this

n watched Jacob GTFO

n knowed hiz dad DID NOT WANT Canaanites

so he married 1 for the lulz (he just puted her in hiz harem wit da Hittites)

Jacob GTFO Beersheba n goed to Haran

he stopped whun it got darkiez n sleeped on a rock

he had-ed a dream; he saw teh stairway to heaven n there wuz lotz of kitteh on it

n up top lookin out from a hole in teh ceiling wuz Ceiling Cat he sez "I R Ceiling Cat, Watchin U Dreamz.  U CAN HAS the land wheres U be sleepin"

Ur DNA gonna be leik radioactive fallout, Ur gonna be everywhar, n U all CAN HAS CHEEZBURGERZ"

I R Ceiling Cat, Watchin U wander n I maek sure U dont get losted."

When he waked up he all like "OMG!1!! Ceiling cat be here!

This place be stairway to heaven, where Zeppelin be at?"

neXt mornin he putted oilz on the rock he wuz sleepin on

he callded that place Bethel (but it wuz already calleded Luz IN B4 the Bethel; EPIC FAIL!!).

then he sez "If Ceiling cat giveh me cheezburgez then

n getz me back home, I'll belive in hims.

undefined

Jacob wuz walkin easty

n he sawded a waterz hole wif 3 bunchez of sheepz nearz it.  wuz a big rock onna hole.

teh peepuls do move rock so sheepz CAN HAS waterz n tehn puts rock back.

Jacob sez "whar U B from?"


He sez "U no Laban, Nahor's grandson"


He sez "He K?"


He sez "sheeps CAN HAS waterz"

tehy sez "sheepz NO CAN HAS waters, need moar sheepz"

Rachel shows up wif sheepz

Jacob mooved rock off hole n Rachel's sheepz CAN HAS waterz.

tehn he kissy her n cry

He tolded her he wuz her cousin, so she run n tell daddy.

When daddy (Laban) herd whut happen, he run out n kissy him n bringz him home

tehn Laban say "UR my 1st cousin!"

Laban sez "I wants to pays U2 workz, how much U want?"

now Laban haz 2 daughterz, old 1 Leah, n young 1 Rachel.

Leah eyez point different directionz but Rachel pretty n she stacked

Jacob sez "I wurk 7 yearz then I CAN HAS Rachel?, cause I got teh loves 4 her"

Laban sez "K, hang out here srsly".

So Jacob hung out 7 yearz 4 Rachel.

Jacob sez "K, GIMMEH Rachel I wanna do PENIS GOES WHERE on hers"

So Laban has feast with sheepz, n moocowz n cookiez n stuff

when it get dark he bring out Leah to Jacob n he did PENIS GOES WHERE? on her"

n Laban gave servant gurl Zilpah to her as maidservent

When it gets light in teh morning, Leah!1!!1!! Jacob sez to Laban "WTF? where B Rachel"

Laban sez "U CAN HAS old 1 first,

then after U do PENIS GOES WHERE with her for a week, tehn U CAN HAS udder 1, gonna cost nuther 7 yearz tho.

Jacob did PENIS GOES WHERE wif Leah 4 a week, tehn he got Rachel

Rachel got Bilhah, servent girl from daddy

Jacob does PENIS GOES WHERE to Rachel n he even loved this 1, n he worked nother 7 years.

When Ceiling cat seed Leah NOT CAN HAS love, he remove invisible diaphram n put in Rachel.

Leah getted preggerz n ploop out boy Ruben n sed "Ceiling cat see me sad, now Jacob luv me 2" (boy later go on to maek samwichz, rly, srsly)

She ploop out another calld Simeon n sez "Ceiling cat be in my ceiling, helpin me get luv"

She ploop out nother 1 called Levi n sed "now heeze gonna rly luv me, I ploop out 3"

undefined

Rachel has INVISIBLE DIAPHRAM n sez Jacob "Gimmeh babies or I go ded".

Jacob sez "I no can see INVISIBLE DIAPHRAM, WTF?"

She sez "do PENIS GOES WHERE on Bilhah, my GF K?"

Jacob sez "YES!1!! and did PENIS GOES WHERE in Bilhah"

Bilhah ploop out kid.

Rachel sez "TNX Ceiling cat" n name kid Dan

Bilah ploop out another

Rachel sez "I WIN", n call hims Naphtali, but Jacob just be smilin

when Leah got INVISIBLE DIAPHRAM, she gived her GF Zilpah to Jacob"

Jacob say "OH YEA!!1! n do PENIS GOES WHERE? n Zilpah ploop out boy"

Leah name him Gad.

Jacob find viagra n do PENIS GOES WHERE again on Zilpah n she ploop out another.

Leah CAN HAS happy n call kid Asher.

When Reuben wuz harvestin wheat he find cookiez, He gived teh delicious cookiez to hiz mom Leah, Rachel sez "CAN I HAS delicious cookiez?"

Leah sez "YOU CAN NO HAS my cookiez as I can no do PENIS GOES WHERE? with Jacob"


Jacob cums home, n Leah sez "I DO WANT PENIS GOES WHERE?, I paid 4U with delicious cookiez".  Jacob did PENIS GOES WHERE?

Ceiling cat wuz watchin from hiz hole n removed INVISIBLE DIAPHRAM, so Leah gots teh preggerz.

Leah sez "Ceiling cat iz happy when I gives Jacob my GF Zilpah" so when she ploop out boy, she names him Issachar.

Leah ploop out another

Leah sez "Ceiling cat gived me nother kid, Jacob gonna leik me now, I names kid Zebulun"

Later she ploop out gurl called Dinah

Ceiling cat take out Rachel's INVISIBLE DIAPHRAM

She ploop out boy n say "TNX Ceiling cat"

She calls him Joseph n sez "I can has another?"

After Rachep ploop out Jeseph, Jacob sez "I wanna go home" to Laban.

I CAN HAS wifes n kids so I can GTFO.

Laban sez "pls stay, Ceiling cat leik U.

I pay you not 2 GTFO".

Jacob sez "I wurked hard",

I maded you moar animulez n Ceiling cat gived U cheezburgerz, now it's my turn.

"Whut U want?" he ask.


undefined

undefined

"K sez Laban"

So Jacob CAN HAS all polkadotted n dark sheepz n goatz n giveh thems to hiz sons.

Then he go 3 dayz away n still watch Laban's sheepz"

He maek stripey wood by peelin barks off branchez,

He putted stripey wood ovar waterz so when sheepz see stripeys when they do

PENIS GOES WHERE? n all teh babeis came out stripey.

he tooked all the stripeyz.

undefined

So den Jacob herd Labans' boyz sayin "D00d, you R teh suk, rippin off all hiz cheeseburgers an stuf. Lame."

An Jacob lookeded at Laban an saw he wuz sum pissed.

so den Ceiling Cat sez "D00d, run away run away! Git bak wif yer fambly an I meechu there soon, kbai."

Jacob called hiz wimmin, sayin "YO!!

Yer dad leik totally iz hatin on me, srsly! Ceiling Cat lurves me, but yer dad is awl Rawr Rawr Rawr.

I wuz rly kewl witchor dad, tho, membr?

but now he is teh suk! Hrdcor! Totally ripped me off! Tuk my bling!

Laban wood say, 'Ohes, U can has all teh spottsy moos', knowin all moos was stripey, or 'Noes, u can has all teh stripey moos', and all the moos wuz spottsy. Taht's WEAK.

So den Ceiling Cat tookeded AWL his moos and gives em 2 me.

But teh bestestet part is taht wen the moos did PENIS GOES WHERE?!, all dem moos wuz spottsy and stripey. I mean, I dreameded taht part, but it's joost leik it's troo."

"an den dis 1 time, I wuz dreamin taht teh Ceiling Cat yelled at me, sayin "D00d!" an I wuz all leik "WUT??"

an teh Ceiling Cat says 'D00d, check it! awl dem moos is spottsy and stripey, caws I haz totally seen wut taht hatr did 2 u.

so now uz gotz to make liek a tree an leave.'

an Jacobs' wimmin (Rachel an Leah, member? KK, jus chekin) wuz liek, 'D00d, wut aboot us? Were's our bling?

Our dad srsly disowned us, episode of Jerry Springer, an spended awl teh lewt

So evertin Ceiling Cat tookeded is totally ours now, findrs keeprs, no gives backs."

So den Jacob gets hiz fambly on camels

an takes awl teh lewt

an Rachel had nicked her dads lewt too, jus caws.

an Jacob took off liek a ninja

wit awl hiz stufs goin to Gilead.

it wuz liek 3 daiz b4 Laban wuz told

an wen he fund out, he an hiz posse cot up wit Jacob.

But taht nite Ceiling Cat sez to Laban, 'D00d, DO NOT WANT u 2 talk 2 Jacob. Not nothin.
Kthbai.'

An Laban wen an parked his Winnebago rite besidez Jacobs', takin awl teh good shade an everytin.

Laban sez 2 Jacob, "Yo! WTF?

Y u run, Dawg? We coulda hadda pawty!

U wont let me see mi kidz!

I cood totally lai teh smackdown on U, srsly - but ur Ceiling Cat sez to me, D00d, stay way frm Jacob, no talkie talkie.

AN!! u stole awl my l00t! So, liek I sez - WTF?"

Jacob sed, "Oh I wuz SOOOOOO scared!

but u look, an if u find ur lewt, go hed an kill taht stealer."

So Laban wen an totally serched everwere, in Jacob's tent an Leah's tent an teh servant's tent.

but Rachel wuz 1 sneaky dame, an hid teh lewt an sat on it.

an wen Laban showed up, she wuz all, "D00d, iz Taht Time of Teh Month, piss off."

an then Jacob got mad, sayin "C?? WTF is ur problm? y u chase me? U R L4mz0r!

U rifled thru awl my stufs, an foun nada!

I bin wif u fer 20 yeers!

I nver ripped u off!

I wuz sufferin teh hole time! Nver complain! Give give give, taht's all I do!

I servd 14 yeers fer teh grrls, an then 6 yeers fer teh moos - an u fuxxed wit my paychek 10 times!

An TAHT iz y Ceiling Cat dun gotz hiz nite vision goggles on u!"

An den Laban backs down, not near so tuff az he thot he wuz.

An Laban sez to Jacob, "Otay, lets make nice."

Jacob gotz a stone an putz it jus so.

an den he sez, "ever bodi getz stonez!" (jus liek taht Bob Dylan song, cept Bob wasn' singin then.) an they putted all teh stonez togethr.

Laban calld it Jegarsahadutha (pth pth, liek hevin cat hare in ur mouf), but Jacob cuden say taht wurd, so he calld it Galeed.

An Laban sed 'Theese stonez is a witniss between uz,' (so knot jus heep uv stonez, hoo new?)

Taht Ceiling Cat wuz watchin ovr us

but if U treet my dotters bad, LOOK OUT! an no moar wives.' An Jacob wuz liek, 'one iz bad, two iz wurse, DO NOT WANT moar.'

Laban sez "C theese rox?

U stai on ur side an I stai on my side, KK?'

so Jacob swore (not notty wurds, but liek promis) he wood stai on hiz side.

An Jacob gotz gud grub and ever body go Nom Nom Nom

undefined

Jacob GTFO an kitteh meat hims.

When Jacob sawed thems he sez "I found Ceiling Cats litterboz!1!!", so he calleded that where he was at Mahanaim (n he no can has steamroller).

Jacob sended sum buds ahead to meat hiz brudder Essau in Seir country of Edom.

he sez "Tell him I wuz wit Laban,

n I gots donkies n moocows n sheepz n goatz n serventz n cookiez n stuff.  I tellin U this so U leik me."

when hiz budz come back they sez "Yo, Hees a commin wit leik 400 d00ds"

Jacob wet hiz pantz n split hiz peoplez n stuff into 2 groups (even teh animules n stuffs).

He thinkz "If Essau n hiz GI Joes eated 1 group, the udder may not be eated".

Tehn Jacob prayed "O Ceiling Cat dadda 'O Abraham n Isaac, O Ceiling Cat you tolded me to GTFO to my relatives n I will maek U rich n lotsa PENIS GOES WHERE?.

TNX, but I don't deserve it, I just has a few d00ds when I leaved, but now I has 2 groups.

Pweese don't let Essau eated me an teh wimmens n childrenz.

Cause U sed 'I be makin U rich n lotsa kidlets'"

He sleeped there, maded a gift for hiz brudder Essau:

200 gurl goatz w/ 20 boy goatz, 200 gurl sheepz w/ 20 boy sheepz

30 gurl camules w/ babiez, 40 gurl moocows w/ 10 boy moos, 20 grul donkiez n 10 boi donkiez.

He gived the to hiz d00ds n sed "U go ferst, n spreadem out.

He tolded the 1st d00d, "Whun U sees Essau n he sez WTF?,

U say Jacob giveh U dis, he be in teh back"

He tolded all the udder d00ds to sey the same thing.

and tolded them to sey "Jacob be commin behind us", he wuz hopin Essau would not run out of happy and eated him.

So teh gifts went away n Jacob stayed home.

when it gots darks, he tookd hiz 2 wifes n 2 maidserventz n 11 boyz n crossed ovar the ford o Jabbok (girl wuz on her own).

After theys was ovar, he sended all his base n stuff

So he wus alone n fighted wif a cat,

when the cat saw he could not win he eated Jacob's hip.

the teh Cat sed "Lemme go, it be light"


Then teh Cat sez "WRU?"


the Cat sez "U no longer Jacob but I names U Israel cause U wins in fights wif Ceiling Cat and peeplez n ovarcome.

Jacob sez "WRU?"


So Jacob calleded the palce Peniel cause he sed "I saw Ceiling Cat but he did not eated me".

he wus gimpin whun he pass Peniel 'cause hiz hip was eated.

undefined

Looken up Jacob seen Esau cumin, wif four hunnud menz. He splizs up his kittehz tween Leah, Rachel n teh maidz,

putten da maidz n dere kittehs fust cuz dey meanz leezt 2 him; Leah n her kittehz nexzt cuz she be a legal wif but he don luv herz, n Rachel n Joseph last cuz he really likes doin PENIS GOES WHERE? with her and when he seez Joseph he rememberz dat.

Jacob goez ahead and bendz down to the ground 7x tho u shld bend ur nees when u pick up stuff else ur back goez out, but dey din no dat den, lolz! till he wuz neer his brudder.

Esau runz to greetz Jacob. He hugzes himz and kissez him and dey criez BOO HOO HOO like dey like each other or sumpthin.

undefined

Da maidz n dere kittehs come up and smelled Esau's butt,

n den Leah n her kittehs cum up and smelled Esau's butt, and den Rachel n Joseph cum up and smell Esau's butt.

N he (Esau I guess) sez "What j00 mean by paradin ur mamacats n kittehs by me?" He (Jacob?) sez "To smell ur butt lolz!"

Esau dez "WhatEVER I have nuff mamacatz n kittehs n bling n cheezburgerz, don need urs."

But Jacob is such a brown-noser he sez "PLEEZ if u do me dis favur n take it cuz lookin at ur face is like lookin at Ceiling Cat cuz you both hairy n red lolz, n u didn eated uz.=

Take my pressie, cuz I broughtz it 2 u all dis way on a camel, n Ceiling Cat likez me n I have lotz of cheezburgerz." N when he urged him, he tooks it.

N [Esau] sez "k lets go nao, I'll go wit u"

But he said 2 him "liar u no the kittehs are weak n da sheeples n goatse r nursin babeez, can no force dem 2 go fast or dey diez!

U go 1st n I'll catch up 2 u in Seir, k?"

Esau sez "U can has menz dat r wif me" but he said (guess it wuz Jacob sayin dis) "O noez!!11!1one!1! u r 2 nicens"

So Esau goez back to his base in Seir

But Jacob iz a lier lolz cuz he goez to Succoth n buildz crib 4 him n his cattlez n cattlez have stalls n dat why dey callz it Succoth cuz that means "booths" n Hebrewz jive lolz

Den Jacob gets to da burg Shechem in da land o' Canaan -- he gots here from Paddan-aram -- n he is campin dere.

undefined

K so Dinah wuz kitty-girl Leah plooped out 4 Jacob, n she has go to hang wit chix of da land.

Shechem kitteh-boy uf Hamor the Hivite, who run da place, he seez her n taked her n did PENIS GO WHERE? wit her n it wuz like date rape maybe.

N cuz he thinx shez all hawt n stuff n even thinx he luvs her he sweet-talked her.

So Shechem sez 2 his daddy-cat, "Yo, I wantz 2 marrie her NAO!"

N Jacob hears that dis goyim cat did PENIS GO WHERE wit Dinah; but keeps his mouf shut till his boy-cats cum home.

Then Shechem's daddy Hamor cum 2 Jacob to rap wit him.

Jacob's boy-kittehs hearded whassup n cum in frum field all o.O n >:O n OMG WTF!!!11!111one!!!111eleventyteen!!!! cuz dis goyim did PENIS GO WHERE wit Dinah, n dat gainst da Izralee's roolz.

N Hamor sez 2 dem he sez "Mah boy-kitteh Shechem wanna PENIS GO WHERE? with ur girl-cat plz let him marrie her so I don' have to hear him chokin' his chicken ya no?

N u can marriez our girl-kittehz n gifz ur girl-kittehs 2 us:

U can has cribz in our hoodz, n land 2; u can ownz stuffs here.

N Shechem sez to Dinahz daddy-kitteh n bruthaz, "Help a guy out, i pay nething u sez.

Srsly, asks me 4 all mah cheezburgerz n bling n stuff, n i will gif u it cuz I wanna PENIS GO WHERE? to her she's that good n da sack. Jus let me marrie her k?

Jacob's boy-kittehs r such liers cuz Shechem raped deir sisty-kitty,

so dey lie n say "Well u needz 2 cuts off da end uf ur peepee cuz we don let our kitteh-girls marries men who don't whack off der foreskinz that's like EW GROSS!

But if n u do cut off ur 4skin we'll say k u one uf us see but all of ur d00dz too not just u

Den we gif our girl-kittehs 2 u n take ur girl-kittehs from u like dey property k n we cum liv in ur hood n we all be bloods ya.

But if n u 2 chicken 2 cut off ur 4skin den we go kthxbai n leavez n take Dinah wit us cuz u b 2 lamer n 2 n00b 2 marrie her.

K so Hamor was all "Yeah!" and Hamor's son, Shechem, was all "Yeah!"

So the kitteh-boy whips out a sharp rock or sumthin n whacks off his 4skin right there YEOWTCH cuz he wanted Jacob's kitteh-girl she musta been sum kinda Superfreak or sumthin lolz!

N Hamor n Shechem went to the sports bar n rapped wit der homies, n sayz

"D00dz those peepz be our frenz so let 'em cum in don't build no fenz don't snitch 2 la migra nuff romm here 4 evvybody n u can marry dere kitty-girlies n give ur kitty-girlies 2 dem.

"But yeah derez catch: u haf 2 cut off ur 4skin cuz dey weird liek dat.

"But dey gotz bling n cheezburgerz n all dat can be ours but only if we cut off our 4skins will dey cum lif in our hood, k, so drink up cuz it's gonna HURT lolz!"

So all dems did whut Hamor n Shechem sez, n all go cut dere 4skins off OUTCH!

K so 3 daze later dey still hurtin bad n Simeon n Levi, 2 uf Jacob's boy-kittehs, bruthas uf Dinah, sharpenz der claws n goes to da hood n pwns all da men.

N dey pwnz Hamor n his kitteh-boy Shechem, took Dinah out uf Shechem's crib n went kthxbai.

Jacob's other kitteh-boiz cum on all da pwned peepz n takes stuff cuz dey pissed that Shechem did PENIS GO WHERE? wit Dinah but did anyone ask Dinah what she thought? NOOOOOO!

Dey taked goatse n sheeples n moocowz n asses (thought dey pwned all da d00dz HA HA HA no, dey meanz DONKEEEZ!) n all dat stuff in da hood n outside,

n dey taked all de bling n all the kittehs n all da mamacatz n furnitcher n stuff, EVERYTHING, GET IT???! jeez U dumb k where wuz I everytink n evvybuddy was tookened as prisonush n booty.

Jacob sez 2 Simeon n Levi "Now U dun it we in trubble nao n the Canaanites n da Perizzites be hatin on us n I don have lotsa d00dz, n if dey declare war on uz we will be pwned, all of uz!

undefined

Ceiling Cat sez 2 Jacob "Get up n get up, goez 2 Bethel and stay! Staaaay! n buildz cathouse 2 da Ceiling Cat whut u seened when u wuz runnin skairt frum ur brudder Esau."

So Jacob sez 2 his fambly n all his peeps, "Get rid o dem alien kittehs n take a baf, n change ur threadz.

"We'z goin 2 Bethel n I will build cathouse dere to da Ceiling Cat whut answered me when I wuz skairt n stalks me wherever I goez."

Jacobz fambly n peeps gives up all dem fake kittehz like Morris n Tony da Tiger n Garfield n all da earringz n Jacob digz big hoel near Shechem n buriez it like kitteh buryen p00p in sandbox.

As dey went Ceiling Cat hissed and yowled and waved his big scary claws at da peeps all round so dey didn't chase Jacob's boy-kittehs.

N Jacob went 2 Luz, not lulz, but Bethel, in da sandbox uf Canaan, he n all da peeps wit him.

He buildeded a cathouse n named da place El-Bethel, cuz it wuz dere Ceiling Cat revealed Himself to him when he run skairt frum his brudder.

Deborah, Rebekah's nurse-kitteh, got pwned by bein old, n dey burreed her under an oak beeloo Bethel; so it wuz named Allon-bacuth dat means 'oak of da weeping."

Ceiling Cat say Oh Hai to Jacob again when he gotz dere from Paddan-aram n says U CAN HAS CHEEZBURGER.

Celing Cat sez 2 him,
"Yo, Jacob,
Get rid o' dat handle
cuz now u b Israel, d00d!"
So he name be Israel.

n Ceiling Cat sez to him
"I am Ceiling Cat
Do PENIS GO WHERE? n ploop babee kittehs
A nation -- no! The United Nationz lolz
shall be ur kittehs
Bigshots shall cum out of ur DNA

Da sandbox I gif 2 Abraham n Isaac 
I make urs
n 2 ur babee kittehs
will I make it derez 2."

Ceiling Cat left him dere

n Jacob setz up pillar dere, a pillar uf rock n he offered Ceiling Cat cream n poured oil on it.

Jacob gave dis site where Ceiling Cat spokened 2 him da name Bethel.

K so dey leaves Bethel: but Rachel was preggerz n when dey were still way from Ephrath, she started ploopin out kitteh, n OMG IT HURT!!11!11!

N when it hurtz wurst midwife sez "O hai anudder boy kitteh 4 u don be skairt!"

But the labor pwned her, n when she had deth rattle she called da baby boy kitteh Ben-oni, but her Jacob called him Benjamin.

Den she wuz pwned. She gotz burrieed on da road 2 Ephrath whut dey now callz Bethlehem.

Over her grave Jacob puts nuther stone pillar n itz still dere.

Israel leevz her dere n goez on 2 Migdal-eder.

N while Israel's dere boy-kitteh Reuben goez and does PENIS GO WHERE? with Bilhah, Izzy's girlfriend on da side, n Izzy found out.
K now Jacob can has 12 boy-kittehs.

Da sons uf Leah: Reuben -- Jacob's first kitteh -- Simon, Levi, Judah, Issachar n Zebulun.

Da sonz uf Rachel: Joseph n Benjamin.

Da sonz uf Bilhah, Rachel's maid: Dan n Naphtali.

And da sonz uf Zilpah, Leah's mad: Gad n Asher. K don' 4get dese r Jacob's sons born in Paddam-aram.

N Jacob came 2 his daddy Isaac at Mamre, at Kiriath-arba -- now Hebron -- where Abraham n Isaac had a crib.

Isaac wuz like 180

undefined

This iz bout Esau's kittehz, and gitz srsly borin if u wun skip it lol!!!1

Essau got wit Canaan catsez in heat: Elon teh Hittite's dotter Adah, an Oholibamah (reel name!) Anah's kitteh and so on-

n also Basemath kitteh of Ishmael and littermayt of Nebaioth.

(Did i tel u can skip this lol?) Adah dun whelpz Eliphaz 2 Esau, Basemath whelpz Reuel,

and Oholibamah (lol!) whelpz Jeush, Jalam n Korah. Deez wer tomcat litter of Esau, what wuz born in Canaan.

Esau gotz all hiz girl catz and kittehs, an all teh aminals an shinies an stuff from Canaan, and roamded.

But they had 2 many toyz.

So Esau roamded moer and goez to Seir.

K an this iz abowt Esau, liek i alredy sayed.

This wut Esau calld his sonz, but iz not gon be on test or nething:


Eliphaz wuznt neutered 2: 


Eliphaz had girl on side named Timna, she dun whelpt Amalek. Is grandsunz of Adah in case yu wernt followin.

Reuel wuznt fikksed 2: 


Oholibamah's litter wit Esau: 


An dese ar bosscatz what camed owt Essau's litter: 


undefined

Bak 2 Reuel agin: 


An mor from Oholibamah: 


Those wuz Esau's litter.

Seir teh Horite wuznt fikksed either. Srsly, WTF??!!1!: 


undefined

Lotan had kittehz: 


Shobal had kittehz 2: 


Zibeon 2. No 1 wuz getin fixded bak den: 


Anah had kittehz 2. Surprize lol: 


Dishon had kittehz. I tole yu can skip this alreddy: 


Ezer's kittehz: 


Dishan's litter: 


Deez r Horite bosscatz: 


undefined

K were doin moer bossez now. Deez wuz all bossez in Edom befoer any Israelite boss evn:

Bela wuz boss of Edom an hiz dad wuz Beor. His place wuz calld Dinhabah.

Bela got ded, so then Jobab wuz boss.

Jobab dieded 2, then Husham wuz boss.

Husham got ded 2, so Hadad, who srsly pwned Midian in teh face, got to be boss. Hiz city naym Avith.

An Hadad got ded, so den Samlah iz boss.

undefined

An Jacob livd in place calld Canaan wher no1 noo hiz famlyz An no1 carez if he wuz n00b.

This iz story ov Jacob. Iz rly story of joseph but teh 1th ppl who rited teh bibel rited it down rong. mus b cuz ov teh funny alfabetz. Joseph wuz 17 yrz old kidz An 1 dai he An his bros wuz givin cookies 2 teh sheeplz. An Joseph wuz brown nose An told hiz old man all teh wikkid stuffs dey did like raedin wikkidpedia An masturbatin An smokin weedz An stealin pplz stufz An stuf.

Now Israel whos rael naim wuz jacob liekd Joseph mor than all his othr kidz, cuz he wuz old man wehn joseph wuz bornd so he wuz like grandson wich iz mor fun: An he made him sum badass pimp cloths an some totally 1337 kickz An wud of gaev him a totally trickd out gangsta ride but carz wuznt nventd yet.

An when his bros saw taht Jacob liekd Joseph mor than ne ov dem, dey hatez him An getz all pissed off An stuf An getz all up in hiz face An sed rly r00d mean ingorent thingz 2 him.

An Joseph cud haz wierd drem, An he told his bros wich wuz rly stoopid n00b thing 2 do but he didz it newai: An they hatez him alot mor An getz even mor pissed off An stuf..

An he sed 2 them lissen up d00dz, I can haz wierd drem liek htis:

we wuz in ur field harvestin ur weetz cuz it wuz farmrz dai off (cuz dey maded untied farmwrkrz union dammit), An all ur weetz wuz blong 2 my weetz.

An his bros sed 2 him, wtf u ben smokin? u think u b king or sumthin? u thinkz u iz bosscat of us? An they hatez him evn mor cuz ov his drems An wot he sed 2 dem.

An he cud haz nothr wierd drem An told his bros yo d00dz, I haz a nothr wierd drem, An chek dis out, teh sun An teh moon An teh eleven stars r blong 2 me.

An he told it 2 his old man, An 2 his bros: An his old man got all up in his face An sez wot u ben smokin An y u haz wierd dremz? iz me An ur momcat An all ur bros r blong 2 u?

An his bros wuz rly jelus of him; but his old man rmembrd wot he sed.

An his bros went 2 Shechem 2 getz mor cookiez 4 teh sheepz.

An Israel whos rael naim wuz jacob sed 2 Joseph, did ur bros gon 2 Shechem 2 getz cookies 4 teh sheepz? i wantz u 2 goez An mek shur deyz alrite. An he sed k.

An he sed 2 him, Go find out if ur bros An teh sheeplz iz alrite; An com bax An tellz me. So he sed k, gon 2 shechem, brb.

An he gotz losted (fuxxing mapquest!!!!1!!) An sum d00d finded him An axt him, wut u lookin 4?

An he sed i iz lookin 4 my bros who iz gon 2 getz cookies 4 teh sheeplz.

An teh d00d sed, dey r gon An dey sed letz goez 2 Dothan cuz dey has betr cookies tehre. An Joseph sed kthxbai An finded his bros in Dothan.

An wen dey seez him An he wuz stil on teh roadz long wais awai lookin 4 dem, they deciedd 2 pwnz him.

An they sed look d00dz, teh kid wot can haz teh wierd dremz iz comin.

so letz us pwnz him, An trhow him in2 sum pit, An we will say sum evil aminal like crocodiel or lion or lolrus eated him: An 2 hell with hiz drems lol.

An Reuben hurdz dem, An he sed dont pwnz him cuz u will loses pointz.

so dont pwnz him, jus trhow him into sum pit way out in teh booniez, An dont hurtz him. cuz Reubn kind of liekd joseph An wuz sort of brown nose 2 An thot he mite taekz him bak 2 his old man wen no1 wuz lookin but he didnt tellz tehm taht..

An so when Joseph finded his bros, dey took awai hiz totally badass cloths, An his totally 1337 kickz 2. but dey cudnt taek hiz pimp ridez cuz carz wuznt inventd yet.

An they trhowd him in2 a pit An tehr wuznt eny waterz in it. no cheezburgrz or cookies either.

An it wuz tiem 4 lunch so dey sitz down An eatz cheezburgrz An cookies: An they saw a crew ov Ishmeelites form Gilead goin 2 egypt with lotz ov camels An all kindz ov rly gud herbz An weedz An othr rly gud stufz taht wuz liek catnipz 4 ppl An wuznt illegalz yet cuz Ceiling Cat didnt mek ne lawz yet but taht wuz ok cuz he wuz gonna maek alot of lawz l8r in exodus An leviticus An numb3rs An d00teromony.

An Judah sed i can has good idea: we no pwnz him, we can sellz him and has a money.

we dosent has to pwnz him if we can sellz him. An his bros sed k.

Then dey met sum Midianitez; An they takez Joseph out ov teh pit, An sellz him 2 tehm 4 20 moneyz: An dey takez Joseph 2 Egypt.

An l8r Reuben cam bak 2 teh pit; An seez taht Joseph wuz gon; An he tore up his cloths cuz dats wot peepz did wen dey wuz liek all sad An emo An stufz bak in teh dai.

An he sez 2 his bros, josepf iz gon, wtf r we gonna do now?

An they took Josephs totally badass cloths, An killz 1 ov teh goats An puts teh blood all ovr teh badass pimp cloths An letz teh othr goatz eatz teh totally 1337 kickz;

An they brought teh cloths 2 ther old man An sed, we founded htese totaly badass cloths. r htey joseph cloths or not..

An he knew it, An sed, iz my sons cloths; sum evil aminal eated him liek he wuz cookie; Joseph is 4 shur torn up in litel peeces. srsly.

An Jacob tor up his cloths, An put on sackcloth taht wuz rly scratchy, An wuz all sad An emo 4 raely long tiem.

An all his wiefs An kidz trys 2 maekz him feelz mor betr but wuz no workin An he sed i iz gonna b all sad An emo til i diez. so he kept on bein all sad An emo An stufz.

undefined

Tehn Judah lefted hiz brotherz and wented to stai wif one of Adullam's d00ds, Hirah.

Judah meeted Shua there.  He wuz a Canaanite wif h0t dotter.  Judah WANT.  They wuz married n HARBLZ WENT WHERE?

She gotted pregnant and nameded her kitten Er.

N she hadded a secnd kitten n nameded him Onan.

N a third kitten Shelah. He wuz bornd at Kezib.

Judah wuz liek "I gots wife for u Er, her name iz Tamar."

But Ceiling Cat was watching Er be badz! so Ceiling Cat killded him.

Then Judah wuz liek "OK Onan, u know WHERE HARBLZ GO wif ur brother's wife.  Its ur job now to make kittenz for ur brother."

But Onan knew that the kittenz would not be hiz (bcz thatz how Jewish law workt LOL) so he wuz all "DO NOT WANT" n soz he pulld out n got man juice on teh floorz.

Ceiling Cat didnt likez that neithr cuz tehn no kittehz are get created.  So Ceiling Cat killded him too.

Then Judah was liek "Tamar, live liek a widow in ur father's house until mai son Shelah grows up." See Judah thought Shelah would die liek hiz brotherz.  Tamar was liek "OK."

So aftr a long tiem Judah's wife died.  She wuz Shua's daughtr remembr.  Aniwai when Judah felt bettr he wented to Timna wif hiz frend Hirah teh Adullamite to shear hiz sheepz.  The sheepz wuznt Hirah's, they wuz Judah's.

When Tamar finded out Judah wuz coming

she taked off her black clothes n putted on a veil for a disguise.  Then she sitted down at teh entrance to Enaim.  That iz on teh way to Timnah OK?  This wuz bcz Shelah wuz grown up now but he hadnt married her.

Judah seed her and wuz liek "OMG hookr!" bcz her face wuz covered.

N he wuz all liek "Hey babi."  Tamar wuz liek "How much?"

"A babi goat," sez Judah.  "OK but until I getz it?" sez Tamar.

"Liek what duz u wantz?" sez Judah.

"Ur seal n itz cord n ur staff," said Tamar.  So he gived them to her and HARBLZ WENT WHERE? n she gotted pregnant.

Then she left and taked off her disguise and putted her black clothes back on.

So Judah's friend Hirah tried to take her teh goat, but he didn't finded her.

He askded evribodi "Where iz that hookr?" but they were all liek "No hookr here!"

So he wented back and tolded Judah "I didn't finded her n eniwai teh menz wuz all liek 'No hookr here.'"

Then Judah was like "Well she can haz my stuffz or evribody will be liek LOL.  I tried and sended her teh goat but you couldn't finded her."

Three months aftr that some d00d told Judah, "Tamar iz a hookr n she iz pregnant."  Judah wuz liek "Bring her out n burn her!"

When they did she sended Judah a message. "Teh man who ownz these stuffz iz teh one who gotted me pregnantz," she said.  "U see this befor?"

Judah was liek "OMG LOL she winz! bcz I wouldn't let her marry mai son Shelah." There wuz no more harblez betwin Judah and Tamar aftr that.

She hadded twins.

When tehy wuz bein bornz one of tehm putted out hiz paw, n teh midwife putted a red thread on it n said "U wuz first."

But then he pullded hiz paw back n hiz brother comed out.  Teh midwife was liek "So this is how you has brokened out!" and they nameded him Perez.

undefined

An ne way teh ishmeelite d00dz taekz Joseph 2 Egypt; An taht egyptian d00d Potiphar who wuz pharos cheef ov poleesez buyed him An gaev tehm alot of moneyz.

An Ceiling Cat wuz takin care ov Joseph, An he can has lotz ov moneyz An got to liv in potiphars base An eatz cheezburgrz An cookies An sleep on nice comfortabuhlz bedz An laptops An stuffs.

An potiphar saw taht Ceiling Cat rly liekd joseph An evrything he did workd out gud cuz Ceiling Cat rly liekd him.

An potiphar seez taht Joseph wuz rly gud d00d An rly gud bizness d00d 2 An he maded him bosscat of his base An letz him taekz care ov all his cheezburgrz An cookies An puterz An moneyz An stufs.

An after all taht, Ceiling Cat blessd potiphars base An his farmz An all his stufs cuz he liekd joseph.

An potiphar letz Joseph be bosscat ov his base An all hiz stuffs An he wuz liek rly rich d00d wif acountentz so he didnt haz 2 pay atenshun 2 how much moneyz An stufs taht blongz 2 him, xcept teh cheezburgrz An cookiez taht he eated. An Joseph wuz rly gud d00d An he wuz teh cute 2.

An potipharz wief seez taht Joseph wuz teh cute An she sed we can haz sexxs?

But he sed no wai, he maded me bosscat ov his base;

An i can haz all his stufs but i no can has sexxs wif u cuz u r his wief: An iz rly wikkid bad evil thing An u must be raedin wikkidpedia An Ceiling Cat wil b totaly pissed off if i haz sexxs wif u.

An she wuz buggin Joseph evry dai 2 haz secks wif her but he wudnt do it even tho he wuz n00b An didnt kno about “PENIS GOES WHERE?” but he thot he mite liek 2 find out sum dai.

An 1 dai Joseph went 2 werkz in potiphars base An no menz wuz tehr.

An she grabz hold ov his cloths An he runz awai rly fast but she didnt letz go of his cloths so he left dem tehre An ran wai nekid An she got all pissed off An emo An stuffz.

An when she saw taht he ran awai nekid,

she IMd all teh minz An dey caem bak to teh base An she sed 2 tehm see, dis Hebr00 d00d iz liek messin wif us; he wantd to haz sexxs wif me but I sed DO NOT WANT!!!!11!

An when i sed DO NOT WANT!!1!!!1! he got skeerd An ran awai An left his cloths here. Naked jospeh is..naked.

An she kept his cloths til potiphar cam bak 2 his base.

An she sed teh Hebrew d00d came in here An wantd 2 has sexxs wif me:

An when i sed DO NOT WANT!!!!!!! he left his cloths here An ran awai nekid. but she didnt tellz him she thot joseph wuz teh cute An he wuz rly totaly teh cute when he wuz all nekid An stuffz An she rly wantd to has sexxs wif him An she wuz bein wikkid evil bitch An tryin to getz him in trubl cuz she wuz all pissed off An stuff.

An when potiphar hurd wot his wikkid evil bitch wief sed, taht joseph tryz 2 do wikkid evil stuff 2 her, he bleev her An got all pissed off An stufs.

An he takez him An puts him into teh dunjun wif all teh wikkid evil ppl An teh othr peepz taht teh king didnt liekz An he wuz ther in teh dunjun. (duh.)

But Ceiling Cat wuz takin care ov Joseph An teh bosscat of teh prison liekd him cuz he wuz gud d00d An didnt mek ne trubl.

An teh bosscat of teh prison maded joseph bosscat ov all teh prisoners An he told dem all 2 be gud An not mek trubl An dey sed k cuz if dey didnt maekz trubl dey cud haz gud fudz liek cheezburgrz An cookies An stufz insted ov just breds An waterz An teh guardz wudnt beetz dem up An stuf.

undefined

An l8r pharos butler An his baker had pissed him off.

An liek i just sed, pharo wuz all pissed off An stuf at teh butler An teh baker. (teh baker d00d didnt maded gud cookies An stuffz. I dono wut teh butler d00d did, mai b he axidently spilt sumthin on pharo or letz teh dor shut in pharos face or sumthin liek taht. ne wai pharo wuz liek all pissed off An stufz.)

An he put them in teh prison wher Joseph wuz bosscat ov teh prisonerz.

An teh captain ov teh guard sed joseph iz bosscat ov u, lissen 2 him An dont maek trubl An he took care ov tehm An didnt letz any ov teh prisoners tryz to has buttsecks wif dem An they stays tehre 4 long tiemz.

An 1 nite teh butler d00d An teh bakr d00d bof had wierd dremz An teh butler d00d dremd about grapez An wien An teh baker d00d dremd about cookiez.

An in teh mornin Joseph saw taht dey wer all sad An stuff cuz of teh wierd dremz.

An he axt tehm y r u all sad An stuf 2dai?

An dey sed we can haz wierd dremz An we dont undrstanz dem An no 1 can tellz us wtf dey meanz. An Joseph sed Ceiling Cat knos wot dey meanz. tell me wot wuz dey about An i wil axt Ceiling Cat.

An teh butler d00d sed, In my drem i saw a grapez vine;

An it had 3 branchz An sudenly it had grapez An stuf:

An I took teh grapes An maded wien An gaev it 2 pharo An pharo rly liekd it alot.

An Joseph sed Ceiling Cat sez: teh 3 branchz r 3 daze:

An in 3 dais pharo wil say iz ok i liekz u again An he wil letz u out ov teh prison An u wil be hiz butler again.

But dont 4getz 2 do sumthin 4 me, pls tell Pharaoh about me so he wil letz me out ov teh prison cuz it rly suxx 2 b in here:

An cuz sum wikkid evil mean d00dz kidnapd me form teh land ov teh Hebrews An i didnt do ne wikkid evil stuf but dey puts me in teh dunjun ne wai.

When teh baker d00d hurd taht teh butler d00dz drem wuz gud, he sed i wuz in my drem 2 An I wuz carryin 3 bukkits on my hed:

An in teh top bukkit tehre wuz all kindz ov rly gud cookiez 4 pharo but he sed DO NOT WANT!!!!!!!!!! An he chopd of my hed An hung me on a tree An teh burds eated teh cookies out ov teh bukkitz.

An Joseph sed Ceiling Cat sez: teh 3 bukkitz r 3 daze:

An in 3 dais pharo wil chopz of ur hed An hang u on a tree An teh burds wil eatz u up An stuf liek u was cookies.

An teh 3th dai wuz pharos burfdai An he can haz huge party 4 all hiz peepz, wif cheezburgrz An cookies An cakez An icecreemz An stuffz. An he took teh butler d00d and teh baker d00d out ov teh dunjun An brot dem to teh partyz 4 all his peepz 2 see.

An he sed to teh butler d00d, iz ok, i liekz u again, so u can be my butler again; An teh butler d00d sed k thx An gaev pharo sum wien:

But he sed to teh baker d00d i dont liek u cuz u maded bad cookies An DO NOT WANT!!!!1!!!!1!: so he chopz off teh baker d00ds hed An hung him on a tree An teh burds eated him liek he wuz cookies, just liek Joseph sed.

undefined

An aftr 2 years pharo can has wierd dremz An he dremd he stood by teh rivr.

An 7 fat moocowz cam up out ov teh river An eated gras An stufz in teh field but dey didnt eated teh catnipz cuz taht wuz blong 2 Ceiling Cat.

An 7 mor moocowz cam up out ov teh river, An dey wer all skinny An ugly An dey stood by teh othr moocowz by teh rivr.

An teh 7 skinny moocowz eated up teh 7 fat moocows. moocows dosent eats moocows irl but it wuz drem so dey cud eatz dem. An pharo woke up.

An he went bak 2 sleepz An he can haz anothr wierd drem, An he saw 7 ears ov rly gud corm growin on 1 plant.

An 7 dryed up ears grew aftr taht.

An teh 7 dryd up ears eated up teh 7 rly gud ears. cormz cant eatz othr cormz irl but it wuz drem so dey cud eated tehm. An pharo woke up An saw dat it wuz drem.

An in teh mornin he wuz all skeerd An emo An stuffz An he txtd all teh majic d00ds ov Egypt An all teh rly smrt geek d00ds An sed com 2 my base An pharo told tehm hiz drem; but no 1 cud tellz pharo wtf it meanz.

An then teh butler d00d sed 2 pharo, oh noes i 4got 2 tellz u An im rly sry:

1 dai pharo was all pissed off An stuffz wif me An teh bakr d00d cuz we rly skrood up An stuf, An teh cheef of poleesez cam An puts me An teh bakr d00d in teh dunjun An it rly suxxd:

An we bof can haz wierd drems 1 nite. he dremd bout bukkitz ov cookies An i dremd about grapez An wien.

An a Hebrew d00d wuz bosscat ov all teh prisonerz An he sed tellz me bout ur drems An i wil axt Ceiling Cat wtf dey meanz An we tellz him, An he tellz us bof wtf teh dremz meanz.

An wut he tellz us bout teh dremz happend irl, pharo tellz me iz ok i lieks u again An he letz me be butler d00d again but he chopd of teh bakers hed An hung him on a tree An teh burds eated him liek he wuz cookies.

Tehn pharo IMd teh bosscat of teh dunjun An sed tell Joseph to come ovr 2 my base, An dey took him out ov teh prison An he took baffs wich wuz ok cuz he wuz rly drty form bein in teh dunjun An besiedz he liekd baffs, An he shave his face cuz no 1 in egypt wuz muslimz yet An teh hebrooz wuznt rly jooz yet so dey didnt haz to has beardz An he put on sum noo clos An sum noo sneekz An went 2 pharos base.

An pharo sed 2 Joseph i can haz wierd dremz An no 1 can tellz me wtf it meanz An teh butler d00d tellz me u nos wtf drems meanz.

An Joseph sed i dono but i can axt Ceiling Cat An he wil tellz me wtf it meanz so u wil feelz betr An not b all skeerd An stuffz.

An pharo sed 2 Joseph, In my drem i wuz standin bai teh rivr:

An 7 fat moocowz cam up out ov teh river An eated gras An stufz in teh field but dey didnt eated teh catnipz cuz taht wuz blong 2 Ceiling Cat.

An 7 mor moocowz cam up out ov teh river, An dey wuz all skinny An ugly An i nevr saw such skinny ugly moocowz in all teh land ov Egypt.

An teh 7 skinny moocowz eated up teh 7 fat moocows.

An aftr dey eated tehm up, dey wer stil all skinny liek dey didnt eated dem An tehn i woke up.

An i went bak 2 sleepz An i can haz nothr wierd drem, An i saw 7 ears ov rly gud corm growin on 1 plant.

An 7 dryed up ears grew aftr taht.

An teh 7 dryd up cormz eated up teh 7 rly gud cormz.. An i woke up An saw dat it wuz drem. An I tellz taht 2 teh majic d00dz An teh rly smrt geek d00dz but no 1 knoz wtf it meanz.

An Joseph sed 2 pharo, bof teh drems meanz teh sam ting: Ceiling Cat tellz pharo wutz gon 2 happn.

teh 7 fat moocowz r 7 gudyears but not teh blimpz kind cuz blimpz haznt ben nventd yet. An teh 7 gud cormz r 7 gudyears but not teh blimpz kind yadda yadda An teh peepz can has lotz ov cheezburgrs An cookies An stuffs so its teh sam ting.

An teh 7 skinny ugly moocowz r 7 years; An teh 7 dryd up cormz meanz tehr wil b 7 bad years ov no cheezburgrz An no cookies.

An liek i sed b4, Ceiling Cat tellz u wots gonna happnz.

see, der wil b 7 gud years wif lotz ov cheezburgrz An cookies An stuff all ovr Egypt:

An aftr taht der wil b 7 years ov no cheezbugrs An no cookies; An all teh peepz in Egypt wil b hungry An starvin An stuf An evn 4get wtf iz cheezburgrz An cookies;

An all dat hungryz An starvashun cuz of no cheezburgrz An no cookies wil rly suxx.

An cuz pharo dremd teh sam drem 2x it meanz taht Ceiling Cat iz rly gonna do all taht rly soon. srsly.

so pharo shud getz a rly gud smrt d00d An letz him b bosscat ov teh land ov Egypt so pharo duznt haz 2 wry bout it.

An pharo shud let him getz 5 otehr gud smrt d00dz to werk 4 him An be bosscatz ov teh land ov Egypt 4 teh 7 gud years. (but joseph didnt thinx bout gettin sum wiminz to do it cuz taht wuz waybackintehwayback An wimin bosscats hadnt ben nventd yet.)

An letz tehm gather up lotz of cheezburgrz An cookies An cakez An icecreemz An othr foodz An stufz An mek shur dey getz lotz of cormz 2 An bildz gynormus bildinz in teh cities 2 keep al teh fudz in An dont 4gets teh katfudz An catnipz 4 teh kittehs.

An u wil haz lotz of fudz 4 teh 7 bad yearz of no cheezburgrz An no cookies so teh ppl in egypt wont b all hungry An starvin An dyin An stuffz. An dont wry, Ceiling Cat wil makez mirakel An teh icecreemz wont get all meltd An teh meeses wont getz in2 teh bildinz An eatz up all teh foodz An mek meese poopz all over it cuz dat wud rly suxx. srsly.

An pharo sed 2 joseph, u iz rly gud smrt d00d. An all his peepz thot so 2.

An pharo sed 2 his peepz, wehre can we find sum1 2 do all dis stuffs? An dey sed duh, getz joseph 2 do it.

An pharo sed 2 Joseph, k ur teh 1 Ceiling Cat talkz 2 An u r rly gud smrt d00d. u teh man.

i wil maeks u teh bosscat ov my base, An u wil tellz all teh ppl wot 2 do: im teh only 1 gonna b ur bosscat cuz i iz pharo.

An pharo sed 2 Joseph, See, I maekz u bosscat ovr all teh land ov Egypt.

An pharo tuk off his ring An put it on Josephs hand but it didnt meanz dey wuz ngaged An stuf, he just wantd 2 giv him some bling so teh peepz wud seez dat he was bosscat An rly important d00d An no 1 betr mess wif him, An he gaev him sum rly badass clos An sum totaly 1337 kicks An gaev him sum mor bling so teh ppl wud be rly shur he wuz bosscat. srsly.

An he gaev him his 2th best tricked out ride but it wuz chariot cuz carz hadnt ben nventd yet An wehn teh ppl seez him comin dey getz all xited An sez respekz tihs d00d cuz he iz bosscat ov all teh land ov Egypt.

An pharo sed 2 Joseph, I am pharo, An i sai no 1 in all teh land ov Egypt can do ne thing unles u sez k.

An pharo sed u can has new naim, i wil callz u Zaphnath-paaneah wich iz rly hard 2 speel but teh egipshunz had rly weird riting taht wuz all maed out ov pitchurs nsted ov lettrz; An he letz him marry Asenath wich is rly wierd naim 4 a grrrl cuz it soundz kind ov drty An he finaly found out bout “PENIS GOES WHERE?!” An she wuz teh daughter ov Poti-pherah wich soundz kind ov drty 2 An he wuz priest ov On wich isnt hard 2 speel An dosent soundz drty. An Joseph sed kthxbai An went all ovr teh land ov Egypt in his tricked out ride tellin all teh peepz wot 2 do An stuff An dey sed k.

An Joseph was 30 yrz old wen pharo maded him bosscat of egypt. An Joseph sed cul8r pharo i haz 2 go 2 werk An stuff kthxbai, An went all ovr Egypt in his tricked out ride but i alrdy told u taht.

An 4 7 gudyears but not teh blimpz kind cuz blimpz wuznt nventd yet, lotz ov foodz grew An tehre wuz lotz ov cheezburgrz An cookies An cakes An icecreems An catfudz An catnipz An stuffs An lotz of ppl An kittehs got fat An stuff wich wuz ok cuz tehn dey wudnt starv l8r.

An he tuk all teh xtra peepz fudz An catz fudz An catnipz ov teh 7 gud years An bilded gynormus bildinz in teh cities An puts all teh foodz An catnipz An stuffz in tehre.

An Joseph puts so meny bukkitz An bukkitzz ov cormz in tehr taht no 1 cud countz tehm. wich wuz gud cuz popcorm had ben nventd An all teh peeps liekd 2 eatz popcorm wen dey wuz watchin dere dvdz An stuf An wehn dey axidently dropz popcormz on teh flor teh kittehs thinkx itz toyz An lieks to playz wif it but dey duznt lieks 2 eatz it.

An Joseph An asenath rly liekd taht “PENIS GOES WHERE?” stufz An dey had 2 sons b4 teh bad years ov no fudz cam.

An Joseph naimz teh 1th kid Manasseh cuz he sed it meanz Ceiling Cat maded me 4getz how much mai lief suxxed b4 An how much i missd my old mans base.

An he naimd teh 2th kid Ephraim cuz he sed it meanz Ceiling Cat gaev me lotz An lotz of gud stuffz so mai lief dosent suxx no mor.

An tehn teh 7 years ov lotz An lotz of cheezburgrz An cookies An stuffz wuz ovr.

An teh 7 years ov no cheezburgrz An cookies An stuffz cam just liek Joseph sed: An ther wuz hungerz An starvashunz An otehr bad stuffz all ovr teh urths; but in Egypt der wuz lotz An lotz of foodz An catnipz An stuf.

An wen all teh peepz in Egypt gotz hungry, dey sed 2 pharo we can haz cheezburgr? An pharo sed go 2 Joseph cuz he is bosscat ov u An do wot evr he sez. An dey sed kthxbai..

An ther wuz hungerz An starvashunz An otehr bad stuffz all ovr teh urths but i alrdy told u dat. An Joseph opened up all teh gynormus bildinz wer teh ppl foodz An cat fudz An catnipz An stufz wuz, An he sold teh foodz An catnipz An stufz 2 teh Egyptians An dey gaev him alot ov moneyz An said thx 4 all teh fudz An catfoodz An catnipz An stuffs kbye.

undefined

wehn Jacob hurd taht tehr wuz cheezburgrz An cookies An cornz An catnipz An stufz in Egypt An teh peepz wuznt all hungry An starvin An stuf, he sed 2 his kidz:

yo d00dz, i hurd dat tehr iz fudz An catnipz An stuff in egypt. go tehre An buy sum so we wont b all hungry An starving An gettin ded An stuffs. An dont 4gets teh cat foodz An teh catnipz cuz teh kittehs iz all hungry An starvin An stuf 2.

An dey sed k, gon to egypt, brb.

But Jacob wudnt let tehr kid bro benjamin go wif dem cuz he thot, if all teh kidz gets pwnzd by wikkid evil mean d00ds wuts been raedin wikkidpedia, or if pharo deciedz to pwnz dem, i stil can haz 1 kid left..

An jacobz sons went wif alot of othr peepz 2 by foodz An stuff in egypt cuz lotz of otehr ppl in canaan wuz all hungry An starvin.

An Joseph wuz bosscat ov egypt An he wuz bosscat ov all teh gynormus bildins wehre teh ppl cud by cheezburgrz An cookies An catnipz An stuf. An josephs 10 bros caem An bowed down 2 him with their faces in teh drtz cuz tahts wut ppl use to do bak in teh dai wen dey wantd 2 sho respext 4 bosscatz An pharos An important peepz liek dat.

An wehn Joseph seez his bros, he decieded 2 fakez dem out so he made liek he didnt knos dem An he wuz all liek i iz bosscat kiss my butt An he axt dem wehre u caemz form? An they sed from Canaan An we wantz 2 buy f00dz An stuffz cuz our peeps An kittehs iz all hungry An starvin An stuff.

An Joseph reckonizd his bros, but they didnt reckonizd him cuz he jus lookd liek big egipshun bosscat An besieds teh last tiem dey saw him wuz wehn dey sold him 2 teh ishmeelitez 4 20 moneyz An he wuz kid bak tehn.

An Joseph sed u iz spyz, u jus wantz 2 seez if my peepz iz all hungry An starvin An gettin ded liek all teh ohter ppl.

An they sed no wai, we wantz 2 buy f00dz An stufz liek all teh othr ppl.

We r all bros An we iz gud d00dz An not spyz.

An he sed no wai, u iz spyz.

An they sed we r 12 bros but our kid bro is bak at our old manz base An one ov our bros got ded long tiem ago.

An Joseph sed i stil thinkx u r spyz:

so i no letz u goez bak 2 ur base til ur kid bro com 2 my base.

if u dosent do htis u iz spyz 4 shur An i iz gonna pwnz u.

An teh cheef ov poleesez puts tehm in teh dunjon 4 3 dais.

An l8r Joseph sed 2 dem, Ceiling Cat sez u go getz ur kid bro:

If u iz gud d00ds, leav 1 ov ur bros in teh prison An taek all teh cheezburgrz An cookies An cornz An katf00dz An catnipz An stuffs bak 2 ur base:

An if u brngz ur kidbro bak to my base I no pwnz him.

An they sed 2 each otehr, We rly fuxxed up wif our othr bro An didnt lissen 2 him An we did wikkid mean evil stuf 2 him An nao we iz scrood. srsly.

An Reuben sed i told u so, i sed dont pwnz him but u dosent lissen 2 me either An nao we iz rly scrood 4 shur.

An dey didnt kno dat Joseph undrstoodz dem.

An joseph sed xqz me gotta go 2 teh sandboks brb An tehn he got all sad An emo An stuff An cryed but he didnt letz dem seez An den he cam bak An took hiz bro Simeon An puts him bak in teh dunjon.

Then Joseph tellz hiz peepz 2 giv hiz bros lotz of cheezburgrs An cookies An stufs An puts hter moneyz bak in hter bukkits wif teh foodz An dey sed k.

An his bros filz up all tehr bukkitz wif teh foodz An stuf An sed gon 2 canaan kthxbai.

An it wuz lunch tiem An one of teh bros went 2 gets cheezburgrz An cookiez An seez his moneyz in hiz bukkit wif teh fudz.

An he sed wtf i has a money in my bukkit wif teh f00dz An dey gotz all skeerd An almos had heart attaxz An stuf An dey sed Ceiling Cat An teh bosscat ov egypt mus b messin wif us.

An they cam bak home 2 tehr old manz base An sed 2 him:

teh bosscat ov egypt wuz mean d00d An thot we wuz spyz or sumthin.

An we sed no wai, we iz gud d00dz:

we iz 12 bros but 1 of dem got ded An our kidbro is bak at our old manz base.

An teh bosscat sed leev one of ur bros at my base An take teh f00dz An stuf so u wont be all hungry An starvin An gettin ded An stufz An go wai:

An bring ur kid bro bak 2 my base so i wil know taht u r gud d00dz An not spyz An i wil letz ur otehr bro out ov teh prison An u can hangz out in egypt k?

An dey wuz gettin all teh cheezburgrz An cookiez An cakez An icecreemz An katf00dz An catnipz outta teh bukkits An dey all sed wtf we has a money! An dey An tehr old man got all skeerd An stufz. srsly.

An Jacob sed wtf Joseph is ded An Simeon iz in teh prison An u will taek Benjamin 2 egypt An prity soon all my kidz wil be gon.

An Reuben sed if benjamin getz ded u can pwnz my 2 kidz. i wil maek shur he getz bak to our base An not getz pwnzd.

undefined

An tehr wuz lotz of hungryz an starvashuns an stuf an no cheezburgrz an no cookies 4 long tiem.

An l8r wen dey had eated up all teh fudz dey got form egypt, jacob sed 2 his kidz go bak 2 egypt an say we can has mor cheezburgrz an cookies an stuff?.

An Judah sed rmembr, teh bosscat ov egypt wuz mean d00d an he sed if we no brngz our kidbro wif us, we no can goes bak an we no can haz cheezburgrz an cookies an stufz.

but if our kid bro comz wif us iz k, we can haz cheezburgrz an cookies an cornz an katf00dz an catnipz an stufz.

but liek i jus sed teh mean bosscat d00d sez, if ben dosent com wif us we no can goes bak.

An Israel whos rael naim wuz jacob sed wtf u st00pid n00bz, y u tellz bosscat u haz othr bro?

An dey sed teh bosscat axt us bout our famly an wantd 2 kno if our old manz wuz aliev or not an if we haz nothr bro an stuf an we sed yes cuz Ceiling Cat sez u no tellz lies speshly 2 bosscat. An we didnt kno bosscat wud tellz us bring ur otehr bro 2 my base or u no can haz cheezburgrs an cookies an stufz. srsly.

An Judah sed pls letz us taek him wif us so we can has mor cheezburgrz an cookiez an stufz, an us an yu an our momcatz an our wiefs an our kidz an all teh kittehs wont be all hungry an starvin an gettin ded an stufs.

I wil taekz care ov him an bringz him rite bak 2 u. An if I duznt brngz him bak all saef an stuffs tehn u can pwnz me or wot evr.

see, if we tookz him wif us b4 we cud alrdy haz mor cheezburgrz an cookies an stuffz.

An jacob sed k, but taek sum ov our stufz bak 2 teh bosscat, liek nutz an spicez an teh weedz dat iz liek catnipz 4 peepz so he wont b all pissed off an stuffs.

An taek all teh moneyz bak 2, mai b sum1 4got 2 taek it b4.

An letz ben go bak 2 Egyptz wif u:

An i wil axt Ceiling Cat Almighty 2 mek bosscat not b mean d00d an letz all ov u comz bak saef. If u getz pwnzd i wil be all sad an emo an can haz hart atacxx an stufz but wtf if u duznt go i wil getz ded form hungrz an starvashunz newai. cul8r bai.

An dey tuk all dat stufs an 2x teh moneyz an sed gon 2 egypt brb k bai an dey went bak 2 seez bosscat joseph.

An when joseph seez all hiz broz an evn hiz kidbro, he sed 2 hiz butler d00d, u taekz htese hebroo d00dz bak 2 my base an mekz sum cheezburgrz an cookies an stufs cuz iz lunch tiem an dese menz iz can haz lunch wif me.

An teh butlr d00d sed k cul8r bai an taekz all teh bros to josephs base.

An all teh bros wuz skeerd an they sed oh noes, bosscat iz mean d00d an mai b he knos bout teh moneyz wut wuz wif teh f00dz wehn we wnet bak 2 our base an mai b he wil getz teh cheef of poleesez 2 trhow us bak in teh dunjun an taht wil rly suxxz. srsly.

An dey wuz skeerd to goes in josephs base an dey stayd outsied wif teh butlr d00d.

An dey sed we wuz in ur egypt buyin ur foodz b4 an den we went bak 2 our base.

An wen it wuz lunch tiem we wuz getin out teh cheezburgrz an cookies an stufs an sed wtf we haz a money! An we thot sum1 forgot 2 taek it b4 so we brot it bak anbosscat can haz 2x teh moneyz kkkk?

cuz we r gud menz an dosent kno who puts teh moneyz bak in our bukkits an we didnt steelz nethin.

An teh butlr sed dont wry, ur Ceiling Cat tellz me put teh moneyz bak in tehr wif teh foodz an i sed k. An he sed simeon com out here ur bros iz her an he sed k.

An teh butlr d00d sed u all comz in teh base an u can has baffz an stuffz an dey sed k thx cuz dey wuz all drty an dey liekd baffs. An he tellz his peepz to giv tehr donkeyz sum foodz but not cheezburgrz an cookies cuz donkyz duznt lik cheezbugrz an cookiez an dey sed DO NOT WANT!!!!!!1!1! so dey can haz gras an stuf but dey cant haz catnipz cuz taht iz blong 2 Ceiling Cat.

An teh butler d00d sez iz lunch tiem an u can haz cheezburgrz an cookies an stuf an dey sed kewl, thx.

An Joseph cam bak 2 hiz base an dey gaev him all teh nutz an spicez an weedz taht iz liek catnip= 4 peepz an bowed down 2 him again cuz dat wuz how peepz use 2 sho respeckz 4 bosscats bak in teh dai.

An he axt dem how r u doin an howz ur old man an is he stil aliev.

An dey sed he iz ok jus hungryz an stuf liek all teh otehr ppl an they bowed down 2 him again cuz dey wuz all skeerd an stuf.

An tehn he seez hiz kidbro wut hadz teh same momcat an axt is htis ur kid bro an he sed dont wry, Ceiling Cat taekz caer ov u an no letz ne1 pwnz u.

An Joseph sed xqz me gotz to go 2 sandbockz brb an he went an got all emo an cryed an stuff.

An he cam bak an sed itz lunch tiem an we can haz cheezburgrz an cookiez an stufz.

An they eated tehr lunchz.

An all teh bros sed w00t, bosscat duznt be mean d00d an tihs iz rly gud fudz an we can eatz lunch wif bosscat an how kewl iz taht? 4 rael.

undefined

An he tellz hiz butler d00d fill up evry1s bukkit wif foodz An catnipz An stufz An put evry1s moneyz bak in teh bukkitz 2.

An put my favorit silver cup in teh kidbros bukkit wif hiz moneyz An he sed k.

An in teh mornin all teh bros sed thx 4 all teh cheezburgrs An cookiez An cornz An catnipz An lunchz An stufz, cul8r bai.

An aftr dey left Joseph sed 2 his cheef of poleesez, u goez after htose hebroo d00ds An say wtf, y u duz wikkid evil ting, u ben raedin wikkidpedia or wot?

did u steelz bosscats favrit silver cup wen u wuz in hiz base eatin ur lunchs? iz wikkid An evil An ur Ceiling Cat sez u no steelz stuf form ppl, rite?.

An he catchs up wif tehm An sed wot bosscat joseph sed.

An they sed wait a minit, wtf he sez taht 4? Ceiling Cat sez u no steelz stuffs form teh peepz An we r gud minz An we duz wot Ceiling Cat sez.

rmember we wuz in ur egypt byin ur foodz b4 An we finded teh moneyz in teh bukkits wif teh foodz An we brot it bak An sed 2 bosscat u can has 2x teh moneyz k? y u tink we steelz form bosscat?

look in all our bukkitz An if u findz it u can pwnz who evr haz it An u can puts us bak in teh dunjon k?.

An he sed I iz not mean d00d so i jus puts teh 1 who stol it bak in teh prison An all u othr d00dz can goes bak 2 ur old manz base k?

tehn dey opend up all teh bukkits An stufz so teh cheef ov poleesez cud seez.

An he finded teh silvr cup in benjamins bukkit.

den dey got all skeerd An took all teh foodz An catnipz An stufz bak 2 teh city.

An all teh bros went 2 josephs base An dey bowed down 2 him cuz dey wer skeerd An dey didnt wants bosscat joseph 2 be all pissed off cuz taht wud rly suxx. srsly.

An Joseph sed wtf u did? dont u knos i iz majik d00d An can seez stuff liek taht?

An Judah sed we no steelz nething An u gotz 2 bleev us. Ceiling Cat knos wot happnd An if we steelz nethin u can pwnz us or puts us bak in teh dunjun or wotevr.

An Joseph sed ur Ceiling Cat tellz me not 2 pwnz u. but teh d00d wot steeld my favrit cup haz 2 goes 2 teh prison An teh rest of u can goes bak 2 ur old manz base.

den Judah sed i can tellz u sumthin pls? An pls dont get all pissed off An stufz cuz i knos u r big bosscat almos liek pharo An I dont want to b rood or nethin.

rmembr u axt us if we haz othr bros An if our old man wuz stil aliev?

An we sed our old man iz stil aliev An we hav a kid bro An his otehr bro who haz teh same momcat got ded long tiem ago An he iz teh only 1 who has teh same momcat An our old man rly luvs him alot. srsly.

An u tellz us bring him here 2 my base cuz i wantz 2 seez him.

An we sed we no can do taht cuz our old man wud be so sad An stufs taht he can has hart attacx or sumthin An get ded.

An u sed if we duznt brngz our kidbro bak 2 ur base den we no can com bak An we no can has mor cheezburgrz An cookies An cornz An catmipz An stufz

An wen we wnet bak 2 our old manz base we told him wot u sed An he wuz all skeerd An stuffz An sez i no can lets him goes cuz sum1 mite pwnz him or crocodielz or lions or lolrusz mite eatz him.

An tehn l8r he sed 2 us go bak 2 egyptz An say we can has mor cheezburgrs An cookies An cornz An catnipz An stufs?.

An we sed we no can goes bak tehre cuz teh bosscat wuz mean d00d An he sed if u no brngz ur 
kidbro 2 my base i no talkz 2 u, go wai.

An our old man sed 2 us hiz momcat only had 2 kidz,

An 1 of tehm iz gon An i think sum1 pwnzd him or he got eated by crocodiel or lion or lolruz An dat wuz long tiem ago.

An if his kid bro getz ded i wil be so sad An emo An stuffz, i can has hart attackxxz An stuf An get ded.

so if benjamin no can goes bak 2 our old manz base, our old man mite can has hart atakxs An get ded cuz he luvz him so much. srsly.

An we tink ov him getin ded An we say DO NOT WANT!!!!!!!!!!!!

so i sed to our old man i wil taeks caer ov him An if he getz ded u can pwnz me or wot evr.

so pls trhow me in teh prison insted An let our kid bro go back to our old mans base.

undefined

hten Joseph cudnt stopz form gettin all emo An stuffz An he sed 2 his peepz all u d00dz go wai An dey sed k. An Joseph stopz fakin out his bros.

An he got all emo. srsly. An he cryed An stufz An all teh Egyptians in pharos base hurd him but taht wuz k cuz menz wuz aloud 2 cryz back in teh day.

An Joseph said hai, I iz ur bro Joseph. iz our old man stil aliev? An his bros wuz getin all skeerd An stufz An didnt knoes wtf 2 do.

An Joseph sed 2 his bros bleev me i iz Joseph ur bro wut u selld to teh egypshunz 4 20 moneyz long tiem ago.

but dont b all sad An skeerd An stufz cuz Ceiling Cat wantd me 2 com here An saev teh ppl An teh kittehs form starvin An getin ded form teh hungerz.

cuz teh hungerz An starvashunz haz ben goin on 4 2 yrz An we stil can haz 5 mor yrs ov no cheezburgrz An no cookiez An stuf.

An Ceiling Cat wantd me 2 mek shur hter wil b enuf cheezburgrz An cookies An cornz An katfudz An catnipz An stuffs so teh peepz An teh kittehs wont get ded form teh hungrz An starvashunz.

So u didnt rly do wikkid evil thing even tho it lookd liek u did. Ceiling Cat maded u do it. srsly. An he tellz pharo 2 maekz me bosscat ov all his base An ov all teh land ov Egypt. so tehre.

so u can goez bak 2 ur old manz base An tellz him joseph sez Ceiling Cat maded me bosscat ov all teh Egypts An he can comz ovr 2 my base rite awai.

An i maekz base 4 u in teh land ov Goshen An u An ur wiefs An ur kidz An tehr wiefs An ur hol famlyz An ur kittehs An ur moocows An ur sheeplz can livz tehre.

An i wil givz u lotz of cheezburgrz An cookies An cornz An catf00dz An catnipz cuz htere wil b 5 mor yrs ov hungerz An starvashunz An no cheezburgrz An no cookies An if u staiz in canaan u mite get ded form teh hungrz An starvashunz An DO NOT WANT!!!1111!!!!!!

newai u can lookz at me An seez taht i iz ur bro. 4 rael.

An tell our old man taht im in ur egyptz bein teh bosscat An teh egypt is gud place 4 base An he shud com here rite awai.

An joseph got all emo again An it wuz huggz tiem An he An benjamin had big huggz An cryed An stuf.

An all his otehr bros got all emo 2 An it wuz rly rly huggz tiem. srsly.

An evry1 in pharos base sed Josephs bros are heer, how kewl iz dat? An pharo An all his peepz sed w00t!.

An pharo said 2 Joseph all ur bros can goes bak 2 ur old manz base.

An bringz him An all ur famlyz An moocows An sheepz An kittehs bak 2 egypt: An I wil maekz base 4 htem An dey can has lotz ov cheezburgrz An cookies An cornz An catf00ds An catnipz An stuf.

An dey can haz wagons 4 teh famlyz An teh kittehs but teh moocows An teh sheeplz can walkz. but sry i no can givz tehm truckx cuz truckx haznt ben nventd yet An u rly shud axt ur Ceiling Cat bout taht cuz soundz liek gud idea.

An tel tehm dont wry about all ur otehr stufs cuz u can has all new stuffs form teh egyptz. An not walmart stuffz either, u can haz teh rly gud stuf liek bloomingdalez An nieman marcus.

so pharo tellz joseph 2 giv dem 10 wagonz but no truckx cuz truckx wuznt nventd yet An joseph gave tehm f00dz 2 so dey wudnt haz to stopz at mcdonalds. wich wuz gud cuz mcdonalds wuznt inventd yet either but pharos cheezburgrz wuz alot betr newai. An no can haz truckx was k 2 cuz gas wuznt nventd yet.

he gaev htem all noo clos but he gaev Benjamin mor clos den ne1 An he gaev him 300 moneyz 2.

An he gaev tehm 20 donkys wut wuz carryin ppl fudz An cat f00dz An a lotz ov othr rly gud stufffs 2 taeks wif tehm. oh An donky foodz 2 cuz liek i sed b4 donkyz dosent lieks cheezburgrz An cookies.

An dey sed kthx gon 2 canaan brb An he sed wach out An dont letz ne1 pwnz u An dont letz teh crocodielz An teh lionz An teh lolruses eatz u k bai.

An htey went bak 2 tehr old manz base An no1 pwnzd dem An teh crocodielz An teh lions An teh lolrusz did not eated htem.

An dey toldz Jacob Joseph iz in ur egyptz bein teh bosscat ov all ov it. An Jacob didnt bleev htem An sed wtf no wai u 4 rael?! An he almos cud has hartatakkxz but he didnt. wich wuz gud cuz cpr wuznt nventd yet.

An dey tellz him wot Joseph sed 2 dem An when he seez all teh wagons An teh donkyz he sed k i bleevs u. rly.

undefined

An Israel whos rael naim wuz jacob taekz all hiz wiefs An hiz kidz An ther wiefs An hter kidz An his kittehs An hiz moo cowz An his sheeplz An stufs An said gon 2 egyptz An not brb k bai. An dey caem to Beer-sheba An jacob sed we can has bbq An htey burnt up a moocow An a sheepl An lotz ov catnipz An Ceiling Cat sed kthx ur rly g00d peepz An i lieks u alot.

An Ceiling Cat sed Jacob, Jacob. An he sed im in ur beersheba lissenin 2 Ceiling Cat.

An Ceiling Cat sed I am Ceiling Cat An teh Ceiling Cat of ur old man isaac. dont b all skeerd of goin 2 Egypt cuz u can has base htere An u can haz gynormus famlyz An call dem teh israelitez.

I wil b in ur egyptz watchin ovr u An ur peepz. An evry wher els 2.

An Jacob sed we has a wagonz. An we can goes 2 egypts An Ceiling Cat sez iz gonna b k An wikkid evil ppl no can pwnz us An crocodiels An lionz An lolrusz no can eatz us.

An he taekz all teh kittehz An teh moo cows An teh sheeplz An stufz An sed gon 2 egypts An not brb kbai.

An all hiz wiefs An hiz kidz An ther wiefs An teh hol famlyz sed gone 2 egyptz An not brb kbai. An wuz alrdy big famlyz cuz jacob can has 4 wiefs An dey did alot ov PENIS GOES WHERE?! srsly.

An htese are all ov jacobs peepz. An most ov dem has wierd naemz cuz teh 1th peepz who rited teh bibbl can haz weird alfabetz.

jacobs kid Reuben who wuz not sammich had teh kidz Hanoch An Phallu An Hezron An Carmi.

An jacobs kid Simeon had teh kidz Jemuel An Jamin An Ohad An Jachin An Zohar An Shaul.

An jacobs kid Levi who wuz not pantz had teh kidz Gershon An Kohath An Merari.

An jacobs kid Judah had teh kidz Er An Onan An Shelah An Pharez An Zerah but Er An Onan wuz alrdy got ded. An Pharez had teh kidz Hezron An Hamul.

An jacobs kid Issachar had teh kidz Tola An Phuvah An Job who wuz a rael piece ov werk An Shimron.

An jacobs kid Zebulun had teh kidz Sered An Elon An Jahleel.

An htose kids momcat wuz Leah An hter sis wuz Dinah so tehr wuz 30 An 3 ov dem countin all teh kidz kidz.

An jacobs kid Gad had teh kidz Ziphion An Haggi An Shuni An Ezbon An Eri An Arodi An Areli.

An jacobs kid Asher had teh kidz Jimnah An Ishuah An Isui An Beriah An Serah ther sis. An Beriah had teh kidz Heber An Malchiel.

An thos kidz momcat wuz Zilpah An tehr wuz 16 ov em countin all teh kids kidz.

Jacob's wief rachel had teh kidz Joseph An Benjamin.

An jacobs kid Joseph had teh kidz Manasseh An Ephraim in teh egpyt An ther momcat wuz Asenath.

An jacobs kid Benjamin did alot ov PENIS GOES WHERE!? An had teh kidz Bela who wuz not dracula An Becher An Ashbel An Gera An Naaman An Ehi An Rosh An Muppim who wuz not muppet An Huppim An Ard.

so countin all teh kidz kidz ther wuz 14 of dem.

An jacobs kid Dan had teh kid Hushim.

An jacobs kid Naphtali had teh kidz Jahzeel An Guni An Jezer An Shillem.

An bilhah wuz tehr momcat.

so all Jacobs famlyz who caem form canaan wuz 60 An 6 ppl not counting hiz kids wiefs An sum1 4got to rite down teh kids wiefz naims.

An liek i sed b4, Joseph had 2 kidz in teh egyptz. so jacob can has 60 An 10 ppl in his hol famlyz but  is k u no duz teh maths.

An judah axt joseph goshen is where An he told him so he dosnt haz 2 use f******xing mapquest!!! An htey said gon 2 Goshen cul8r kthxbai.

An Joseph can has chariot cuz cars wuznt inventd yet An he sed 2 pharo gon 2 goshen brb An wnet 2 see his old man An dey got all emo An it wuz huggz tiem An dey cryed alot cuz dey wuz all happie An xited An stuff.

An jacob sed thx muchz to Ceiling Cat cuz i can seez joseph agin An he iz aliev An i can gets ded from bein all hapy An xcited An stuf..

An Joseph sed i tellz pharo dat all my famlyz iz in teh egpyt. gone 2 pharos base kbai 4 naow.

An jacob An his kidz exept 4 joseph who wuz bosscat ov egpyt An his kidz kids wuz shepherds An can has lotz of moocows An sheeplz An dey brung all of tehm 2 egypts.

An jospeh sed pharo is gonna axt u wat u do 4 werk.

undefined

Then Joseph sed 2 pharo my old man An my bros An hter famlyz An dere kittehs An ther sheepz An hter moo cows An stufs r in ur goshen.

An he taekz 5 ov his bros 2 seez pharo.

An pharo sed 2 joseps bros wot u do 4 werk An they sed we r all shepherds.

An dey sed we use to liv in teh canaan but u tellz us we can has base in teh egpytz cuz our moocows dosent has ne f00dz An dey wil get ded if we stais ther so pls we can has base in goshen?.

An pharo sed 2 Joseph ur old man An ur bros r in ur eygpt lookin 4 fudz 4 ther sheepz An hter moo cows An stuff.

An u iz rly gud d00d An i liekz u alot so ur old man An ur bros can has rly gud base in Goshen: An dey can b bosscats of all my moo cows An sheeplz 2.

An Joseph tookd Jacob his old man to sees pharo: An Jacob sed thx muchz pharo. Ceiling Cat sez u r rly gud d00d An Ceiling Cat wil watch out 4 u.

An pharo axt Jacob how old r u?

An Jacob sed i iz rly old d00d 100 An 30 yrz old An i has gud lief An my old man wuz 100 An 47 yrz old wehn he got ded.

An Jacob sed 2 pharo gon 2 goshen kthxbai.

An Joseph maded teh vry bestest base in all ov teh egyptz 4 his old man An his bros in goshen wich was calld land of rameses 2. (but not naemd aftr ramses teh 2th cuz he wuznt bornd yet.)

An Joseph took caer ov his old man An his bros An all his old mans famlyz An gaev htem lotz of cheezburgrs An cookies An corns An stufffz. An catfudz An catnips 4 teh kittehs 2.

An l8r hter wuznt ne mor cheezburgrs An cookies evn in teh egypt cuz all teh peepz An kittehs had eated it all An htey wuz all hungry An starvin liek evry1 els.

An Joseph gaev all teh moneyz in egypt An in canaan 2 pharo 2 buy all teh fudz An stuf.

An dey didnt has ne mor moneys. An l8r all teh Egyptians caem 2 Joseph An sed we can has cheesburgrz An cookies An stuffz? cuz we r all hungry An starvin An stufz but we dosent has ne mor moneyz An f00d stamps haznt ben nvntd yet An evn all our moocowz is all hungryz An starvin cuz tehr iznt evn ne gras left cuz dey eated it all An we evn eated sum ov it.

An Joseph sed i can haz ur moo cows An sheeplz An stuf An u can has cheezburgrs An cookies An stuf.

An dey sed k An joesph can has all tehr horses An sheepz An moo cows An donkyz An Joseph gaev htem cheezburgrz An cookies An cornz An catfoods An stufs An 4 a hol yeer.

An teh nex yr dey caem bak 2 josephs base An sed we can has cheezburgrz An cookies An stuffs? sry we dosnt has ne mor moneyz An u alrdy haz all our moo cows An sheeplz An stuf An food stamps hasnt ben nventd yet An all we haz left is our basez so all our base can b belong 2 u.

othr wiez we will all get ded form teh hungryz An teh strvashunz. so u can haz all our base An we can has cheezbugrz An cookies An stuf k? An we can has seedz 2 An we wil werk on all teh farmz 4 pharo kkkkk?

so all teh peepz base wer belong 2 pharo An teh peeps cud haz cheezburgrz An cookies An seeds An stuf An evry1 maded farmz 4 pharo.

An all teh ppl in teh eygpt werkd 4 pharo in teh cityz An stuf wen dey wuznt in ther famrz raizin tehr fr00ts An vebgtablz An stuf.

but pharo sed 2 joeph u no can haz fake Ceiling Cats bases cuz fake Ceiling Cats wil get all pissed off An stuf. but pharo didnt kno taht fake Ceiling Cats wuz fake Ceiling Cats he thot htey wer rael An he wuz all skeerd An stufs. so he didnt taekd fake Ceiling Cats bases.

Then Joseph sed 2 teh ppl u An all ur base 4 blong 2 pharo: tek teh seedz An mek farmz.

An sum of ur vegbatels An froots is blong 2 pharo An teh rest is blong 2 u so u An ur famlyz wont b all hungry An starvin An stuff.

An they sed thx muchz u is rly gud d00d, u tek caer of us An we will werks 4 pharo An we wont b all starvin nao. kthxbai.

An htats how dey stil duz thingz in teh egyptz. sum of teh f00dz is belong 2 pharo An teh rest is blong 2 teh ppl but all fake Ceiling Catz base is stil blong 2 fake Ceiling Cats.

An teh isrealitz livd in goshen long tiem An they hadz lotz An lotz of moneys An stuff. An had lotz An lotz of kidz. srsly.

An l8r jacob wuz rly rly old d00d An he got 2 b 100 An 40 An 7 yrz old liek his old man.

An he noo he wuz gonna get ded prty soon An he sed 2 joesph promis me u is not burys me in teh egypt wen i get ded.

but u bury me wif my old man in teh canaan An joseph sed k.

undefined

sum tiem latr joseph wuz tolded, "ur fathr iz not feelingz so gud." so he took his 2 sons manaseh an efraim along wif him. An they was mad cuz they wuz in middle of playing pokemonz.

when jacob wuz tolded, "ur son joseph has come 2 u, cuz he heer yor not feeling so gud" israel stopped watching rerunz of golden girlz an sat up on teh bed.

jacob sed 2 joseph, "Cieling Cat almighty appeard 2 me at luz in da land ov canaan,srsly, was like one secund i wuz scratchings mah butt and nest things u no cieling cat all like OMG HAI. an thar he blesd me

an sed 2 me, im goin 2 mak u rly rich d00d an will increase ur cheezburgerz and childrenz. Im gonna mak u mod ov all tha interweb, an im gonna giv dis land as an evrlastin posesshun 2 ur descendants aftr u. srsly. Essept mebe otha peepol will also say iz their posesshun and will be lots of MORTAL KOMBAT and stuffs but otha than thats its your posseshun srsly.

"nao den, as I wuz saying, ur 2 sons borned 2 u in da land uf giant kitty litter box before i came 2 u her will be I can haz; efraim an manaseh will be I can haz, jus as reuben (laik the sammich lolz) an simeon r I can haz.

any childrunz borned 2 u aftr them will be u can haz; in da hood they inherit they will be calleded undr teh namez ov their brothers for sum rzn. not sure y. y not callz them by their real nameses? I guess peepol are lazy.

anywayz, as i wuz returnin frum paddan (they haz good barz there),  2 mah DO NOT WANT rachel go wai and be ded in da land ov canaan while we wuz still on teh wai, lil distance frum efrath, and rly rly far frum antartica. So i burid her like turd thar beside teh road 2 efrath" (dat iz, bethlehem, also vry vry far from antratica...srlsy).

when israel saw teh sons ov joseph, he askded, "o hai! hoo r thees?"

"they r teh sons Cieling Cat has sed I can haz," joseph sed 2 his fathr. den israel sed, "brin them 2 me so i cud bles them and snorgle themz and giv them munney for using at chucky cheez."

nao israels eyez wuz not wurkin so good cuz ov old age and cuz he spends lots of taim on intraweb lookings at lolcat pagez, an he cud hardly c. srlsy. So joseph brought his sons close 2 him, an his fathr kisd them an embracd them an snorgled them and then forgoted their names cuz hes rly rly rly old.

israel sed 2 joseph, "i nevr expectd 2 c u again except when u need 2 borrow munney or needz to do laundrey, an nao Cieling Cat has allowd me 2 c ur children 2. DO WANT"

den joseph removd them frum israels lap an bowd down wif his face 2 teh ground fur som rzn.

an joseph took both ov them, efraim on his rite toward israels left hand an manaseh on his left toward israels rite hand, not evn sur why i tell u this, is as relevant as which hrbllz cieling cat wuz licking at the time, an brought them close 2 him again after takings them away. I guess joseph is indecisive like dat.

but israel reachd out his rite hand an put it on efraims head, though he wuz teh youngr, an evn tho he had jus used that hand to scratch hrballz, an crosin his arms like macarena, he puted his left hand on manasehs head, even though manaseh wuz teh firstborn and even tho he had lice.

den he blesd joseph an sed,"cud teh Cieling Cat before whom mah fathers abraham an isaac walkd, teh Cieling Cat hoo has been mah sugah daddy all mah life 2 dis dai,

teh hover dOOd hoo has deliverd me frum all harm and kept mai cheezburgers safe —cud he bles thees bois. cud they be calld by mah naym, an teh namez ov mah fathers abraham an isaac, an cud they increase greatly upon teh earth like weedz and sudoko puzzlz."

when joseph saw his fathr placin his rite hand on efraims head he wuz laik, DO NOT WANT; so he took hold ov his fathers hand 2 moov it frum efraims head 2 manasehs head. Also he changeded the channel on TV cuz he hates Golden girls.

joseph sed 2 him, "duh! pops, dis wan iz teh firstborn; put ur rite hand on his head. kthx"

but his fathr was all laik, REQUEST DENIED an sed, "i knoe, mah son, i knoe. I r not dummy head. He 2 will become peeps, an he 2 will become great like man who invented flee collars. but, his youngr brothr will be greatr than he, and always win at pokemonz and get hottest date at promz, an his childrenz will become group ov nashuns and will listen to music he no likez"

he blesd them dat dai an sed,"in ur naym will israel pronounce dis blesin: cud Cieling Cat mak u liek efraim an manaseh, and laik cheez on burgerz " so he put efraim ahead ov manaseh, and changed channel bak to golden girls cus he did not want to miss end.

den israel sed 2 joseph, "o noes! im bout 2 be ded,  but Cieling Cat will be wif u an taek u bak 2 teh land ov ur fathers by scruff of yur neck like a cyoot kittehn.

undefined

An Jacob said to his kittehs "Coem here I give u invisible cheezburgrz an tell wat will happn to ur kittehs' kittehs' kittehs

so listen plz!  I iz Israel ur dadz.

Reuben, ur mai first kitteh!  U cud haev been great like me

but ur kittehs won't have cheezburgrz cuz u peed in mai bedz!  An scratched mai couch!"

"Simeon and Levi, ur bad mean kittehs!

I dun wanna think of it but u killed a kitteh and smashed a wall!

So ur cursed an ur baby kittehs will be scattrd an not frenz."

"Judah, ur gud kitteh.  U cen be squeez kittehs necks an dey lick ur feetz.

Ur a lion!  Other kittehs DO NOT WANT wake up lion.

An ur kittehs will rule ur bros kittehs until ceiling cat comes to gather all kittehz!

An ceiling cat will give kittehz a bath

an milk an wine!"

"Zebuluns kittehs can has hoem by the sea an can has boats to play with."

"Issachar iz a donkey carrying invizbl hevvy rox

an wantz to rest an so will be servant an licks feetz."

"Dan will be judge for his kittehs!

He can be serpentcat and bitez teh horses so ridrs fall LOL!"

I can haz salvation yet, ceiling cat?

"Gad, a walrus take ur bukket!  But u can haz it bak."

"Asher kittehs are roly-poly!  LOL They maded cookies but eated them."

"Napthali, ur bum iz gassy.  But u talk nice, so iz k."

"Joseph, u can haz many many kittehs!  Soem kittehs live across teh sea!

Ur bros try hurt u an ur kittehs

but iz ok.  Ceiling cat make u an ur kittehs strong ninjacats.

Ceiling cat giev u lotz cheezburgrz!

An u can haz ur dads cheezburgrz an ur bros not haev em."

"Benjamin huntz wild cheezburgrz at nite!  LOL!"

An the 12 kittehs eated cheezburgrz from dads.

An dads sed "Oh noez I will join ceiling cat forevur so burry me inna cave

ovr thur

whur iz bureed Abraham, Sarah, Isaac, Rebekah, an Leah.

Cave iz ovr thur an we bot it." Genesis_23#2

undefined

Dat Joseph d00d was all like crying n' stuff and den he waz liek "i can has kissez?" and he gave kisses to daddy.

and den Joseph was all liek "hey u guyz lets make to wrap himz up;" so guyz did it.

it wuz long time, more long time, lotz of time, and peepz were sad

and Joseph sed "hai guyz if u luvz me, tell Pharaoh that

dadz sed u gots burry me in Canaan so I taek him out of ur place an burry him in Canaan but I coem back kthxbai"

an Pharaoh said "k"

an Joseph went with old kittehz

an with his bros and the sheepz

an with the walrus and hiz bukket an dey were lotz of kittehs

an they got there an the kittehs cried

an the Canaan kittehs sed "oh sad"

so dey burreed him inna durt

cuz deyd carreed him there

Joseph went back to Pharaoh

den bros sed "Joseph will h8 us"

an bros sed "Joseph, dad sed

u must luv us an not be mad" an Joseph cried

an bros sed "we sirv u an lick ur feetz"

an Joseph sed "dont be fraid I iz liek ceiling cat

cuz u wer bad but ceiling cat maed it gud an kittehs got saved

dunt werry I give u cheezburgrz" an he gaev em cheezburgrz

an Joseph got old

an he saw his baby kittehs have kittehs an kittehs an kittehs an he holded all the baby kittehs an red them storeez an gave em cheezburgrz

Joseph sed "I go see ceiling cat forevur but ceiling cat will take you back to ur land kthxbai"

an Joseph sed "ceiling cat will coem so tak mai bonez k?"

undefined

An Jacob wented to Egypt and ppl an ther beybies goed too. Teh pepl wuz:

Ruben an Simeon an Levi an Judah

an Issachar and Zebulun an Benjamin

an Dan an Naphtali an Gad an Asher.

An evrywun wuz liek, we camed from Jacobses. Lol. An thier woz sebbenty of em.kthxbai!

An thenn tehy wuz al ded. Srsly.

An then thhere childern wuz lik, HARBLZ GOES WHERE? An then they new whear harblz wents, and maded babieses.

An then thier wuz a n00b king, an he wuz liek, lol I am King of Eegypt and all dat shizz. Whoz Joseph? Don't even no.

King sayed to hiz peeps: Yo. Look at teh Ibruz, are lots of em.

We gotta stops em an take thear cheezburger. Or els theyll takes our cheezburger, srsly. (also teh n00b king wuz kinda racist)

An he gived them too muchly werk to do. An wuz liek, mek teh citeis! Wif treasurz!

But teh Ibruz alredy knoed where harblz goes. An wer liek, yay babis. But boo, worrk.

An Egyptianz were like, work hardr!

An Egyptianz werr liek, Srsly, do all teh work for us. An work hardr.

An Egyptking wuz liek, yo babyladies, who mayke babies cum out.

Wen therz a boy jew, kill him. Wen therz a girl jew, kept them sose I can mack them. Kthxbye.

But babyladies sayed to selvs, teh Ceiling Cat wont like. An they didnt.

An the King he sayed, WHUT?

An they sayed to him, lady Jews dont even need us fur babes. They iz liek, nah. (O, an BTW, ur lady Egyptianz iz laemerer.)

Ceiling Cat wuz liek to babyladies, yu cann hav cheezburgers.

An buckets.

undefined

Sum guye wented to Levi's place an marryed hiz doter.

An the doter hd a bayby who wuz a boi so she hided himm.

So she decided to do wot Pharo saied an put hm in teh rievr but she maded a bukkit fur him sos he woudnt drounz. An she sayed, Pharo is liek rly laem 4 tellz us puts babyz in teh river an not sais u no can has bukkitz, lol st00pid Pharo.

An his big sis miriam wuz tehr 2 an she hided an wotched him flote awai. She like kthxbai. An teh crocodielz an teh lolrusz did not eated him. Wich wuz good cuz if dey did tehr wudnt b no mor storyz an htis wud b rly short bibul.

An teh Princess was nekkid in ur riiver havin baffs cuz she rly liekd baffs and sawed teh widdle babie and gotted him out.

An teh baby cryd, an Princess wuz liek, whoah. A Hebruw. An he iz teh cute 2. WANT!!!!

An miriam wuz teh rly smrt kidz an she sayed, shoud I gett a Hebruwe to takes caer ovr it?

An Princes she wuz liek, yeah. so miriam wentd bak 2 her momcats base an sayed, woah mom, teh princess is finded my kid bro an she is wants hebroo momcat to taeks care of him an u can goes 2 princessz base an do dat an how kewl iz htat?

Btw, Princess wuz Phoaro's doter, srsly. An she sed to teh Heberw ladie who wuz rly teh babyz momcat u can has a money 4 bein babysitr an she sed k. cuz Herbbwe layde wuz liek, whoa its my baby. Only she dint sai it ot lowd.

An wen he wuz grone up, Princess wuz sayed, Ur naym is Moses, srsly. cuz she sed, i meanz i took u out ov teh riverz an stuff.

Moses all growup now. Wun dayz he go see his frenz. they is workin hard. Moses seez sum Gypshun d00d beatin up a Joo laik Mosis.

Moses look round an not see no 1 and he go and pwnd teh Gypshun. He sed b00m hed shot but qu1et laik. He hided teh bodi in sand to makes it invisabl bodi.

An then sum otha guyz whu wurr Jewz wuz fightin! Moses saiz to teh guy whu started it, whi yoo whalin on anuther Jew?

An guy wuz like, Your not teh bos of us! Yoo gonna pwn me laik joo pwn Gypshun?!? An Moses thot to hisself, How did tehy no bout it?

An Pharo wuz liek, WHUT? GONNA KILL HIM! But Moses runnd awai to liv in Midian wif d00d naemd Jethro but ncis wuznt inventd yet so he was sheeplhurd.

An dese gurls caym to get woter for sheeples, an wuz seven of dem.

An sum sheepleherds who wuz bout as evil as puppehs saiz, u no can has a watr, an triyed to stop em but Moses helpd em.

Teh gurls got hoem, an thier dad sayd, Why u so quik getin woter?

So they tole him a bowt Moses. but dey didnt tellz him dey thot Moses wuz all hot an sexy an stuffs.

An ther dad wuz liek, Bring hm her an he can haz cheezburgrz an pepsis an stuff, but no fryz cuz fryz wuznt nventd yet.

An Moses livd wif da man an maried his doter Zipporah. An all teh ohter grrlz wuz sorta jelus but l8r dey can haz menz 2 so was k.

An tehy haded a baby cald Gershom, an wer liek, lol Gershom funy name.

An latr on Pharo died an all teh Jews werre laik, too much wurk an htis suxxxxxx rly rly terabl. 4 realz.

An Ceiling Cat herd em say it, and saied to hisself, Oh rite i 4got. I is ment to not let that hapn. sry i iz stil n00b Ceiling Cat an i wil fixz htat bug in urths version 2.1.

undefined

Moses takes teh sheeples to teh Ceiling Cat mountain.

I'm in ur bush, burnin, not consumin.

Moses sez "OMG dis bush, dis bush, dis bush iz on fire! An iz still on teh fires!"

n Ceiling Cat sez "Moses Moses! Yo over teh here!" n Moses be liek, "wut"

n Ceiling Cat sez "Takes off ur shoos, dis be holiez placez.

I be teh Ceiling Cat. All ur dadz are belong to me. n Moses wuz scared.

Ceiling Cat sez: "All yez ppl b sad. I seed dat.

Iz coming to saves dem an brng lotz ov cheezburgrs an milks. And honeys.

I hearz teh ppls cryin an stuf an teh bad guys with teh pyramids iz bad guys.

Sew, I iz snding U to teh ppl to saves teh ppl, k?"

n Moses wuz all liek, "Wuh? Me? Nowai!"

n Ceiling Cat wuz liek, "Wai. I helping U, and U bring teh ppls to wrship teh Ceiling Cat at Ceiling Cat mountain.

n Moses wuz liek, "Wut if teh peeps say, who iz dat guy there?"

n Ceiling Cat wuz leik, "I yam who I yam.

4evrs dat b me.

Tell teh pplz i see dem, an they scard.

Tell teh pplz about the cheezburgrs."

Teh pplz say to U OMG, cool!

Teh bad gyptions go BOO, no way man.

Teh smitng an ouches for teh gyptians will smack down them.

an teh pplz will take all teh stuff ov teh bad dudes.

undefined

Moses sez "Man, dey ain't no way teh Jews believe ME?"

Ceiling Cat sez, "D00d, looksie in yer paw! A big stick!

Thro dat stick down dere den! Holy Moley, its a Friggin' Snaik!!!1"

Ceiling Cat sez, "Grab dat snaik by teh tail," which he did, tho he was scarrd. Bang! iz a stick!

Dat waz some k00l trick, eh? Now nuther one!1!

Put yer paw in yer shirt! EWWWW iz all gross and flaky, Nasty Man!

Put yer paw in and NOW...presto!  All beta!

If dem teh ppl do nut get deh 1st trick, teh number two ones'll get em.

WAIT! Even teh betterest one. Get some waters and spills it. Whoa nelly, now iz blood. Now dat iz messin wit yer heads.

Moses sed, "But Ceiling Cat, I iz st00pid and talk st00pid. Ima quit man."

Ceiling Cat growlz "D00d, IB teh Ceiling Cat! Whatcha harballzing about?1?

Now go!!!1 I will tell yeh 2 talk it rite."

Moses sez, "but but but but...."

Ceiling Cat starts hissing with hckls and teh grwling, "hey st00pid, ok, tellz yer brther aaron to be stoopid w/ u.

Srsly.

You be substute Ceiling cat, ur brther can meow.

Don't fergit teh cool stick. CyaK? Bai."

Moses went back to der family and sez, CHOW, smell ya l8ter gon2 egyptz brb.

n Ceiling CAt wuz liek "all those d00dz who be hatin u r b4 got pwnd.

n Moses loaded up teh furrey tranzport anemalz w/ his kittehs n snakey staff n setted out 4 teh gyptians

n Ceiling Cat wuz liek "u get 2 teh gyptians, tell dat Pharoah bout teh snakes n leprosy n cool stuff I showd u. Pharoahs gonna be all liek, Moses u suck, but dat ok.

u just say, "STFU Pharoah, Ceiling Cat sez Israel hiz firstboarn"

n also tell dat Pharoah, 'since u be hatin on Israel, we gonna kill ur firstboarn' o_0

So Moses wuz chillin at teh hotel when Ceiling CAt wuz liek, "Ima p4wn u Moses!"

but Zipporah wuz liek, "no Wai!" n evn cut off her kittenz 4skin n rubbd it all up Moses feetses. n sed "surely u r bridegroom ov blood 2 me."

n Ceiling Cat was all liek, "LOL i only playin bout teh killenz Moses ya burnt" n that's y they cut off ur penis tip when u bornz now.

So then Ceiling Cat sed, "Hey Aaron-cat, go meet Moses in teh dessert n make out w/ him" n Aaron 
did.

then Moses wuz liek, "Whoa that's hot. check out all dis kool stuff Ceiling Cat gave me."

An then Moses n Aaron got all teh old Israelites together

n were liek, "hey, check out dis kool stuff from Ceiling Cat"

undefined

Moses and Aaron sayz to Pharo "Ceiling Cat sez let mah d00dz go, kthxbai. We can has party."

Pharo sez, "Who iz Ceiling Cat? I'm in ur Egypt, keepin' ur d00dz."

Moses sez, "Ceiling Cat met wif us. Now all the Israelite d00dz gonna go to desert for 3 days and make stufs ded for Ceiling Cat. If we don't, Ceiling Cat stabs us wif sword."

And then Pharo sez, "WTF? Why u stops dem? Get back 2 work!!"

See? U has stopped all teh Israelite d00dz from work."

Later onna same day, Pharo sez to slaev driverz,

"The Israelites can no has straws from u.

But they still gots to maek all teh briks!!!1! Teh Israelite d00dz iz lazy.

Maek dem work harder, so tehy no listen 2 lies."

Teh slaev driverz sez, "Pharo sez u no can has straws.

Go An find ur own, but u still gots to maek all teh briks."

So teh Israelite d00dz went all over to find straws.

And teh slaev drivers wuz meen and sez, "U maek all teh briks even wif no straws."

Teh Israelite fored00dz wuz whacked wif a stik, cuz they couldn't maek alla briks.

Then the Israelite forecat sez to Pharo , "WTF y u be meen to us?

I see what you did there."

Pharo sez "Is cuz u r lazy.

Now get 2 work!!!11!1"

Teh Israelite fored00dz knew they wuz in troble then.

And when they left Pharo and sees Moses and Aaron, they sez

"U r full of fail! Now we is stinky b4 Pharaoh, and he's gon' kill all our d00dz."

So Moses asks Ceiling Cat "WTF y u do dat?"

undefined

Ceiling Cat saiz to Moses "now joo c what I dooz to Pharo. I wil hitz him wif mah great big fist and he be like 'let the Israel d00dz go'."

So Ceiling Cat seiz to Moses "I am teh H4X0R.

An I apearz to Abraham nd into Isaac n into Jacob by mah name Ceiling Cat. Ah only tellz you Moses mah real name uv H4XOR.

An I saidz to themz I givz U fer good the lann uv Canaan where you werr campin' out fer a wile.

An I heared whinings of Israel kittehs cuz Egyptians pwn them and I rememberz mah promeiz.

I say to them I iz H4X0R j00's Ceiling Cat which friz you and uz can has skedaddles out uv Egypt.

Then U wil no I am Cieling Cat, hoo tuuk U out uv Egypt.

And I goin teik you to Canaan which I seid I giv to u d00dz. A bit lait I admit, sry bout tht k? OKOK, rly late."

So Moses seiz all dat to Israelite kittehs, hoo sai "BS!! We no bleef U!! Moses iz n00b". Dey say dat cuz laif iz tuff wit slavry an stuff.

An Ceiling Cat seid to Moses:

"U go vizit-chat wiff Pharo an sai "Let my kittehs go!"

Moses he say "Isreal kittehs no listen me! Y wood Pharo? I meow like n00b."

Aggen I telz U dat abowt Ceiling Cat. He tellz Moses an Aaron to get Israelites out uv Egypt sandbox.

Dese r teh famblis uv Israel. Reuben can has sunz Hanoch, Pallu, Hezron an Carmi.

Simeon can has sunz Jemuel, Jamin, Ohad, Jakin, Zohar and Shaul.  Shaul mama wuz Canaanite.

Levi can has sunz Gershon, Kohath and Merari.  Levi livz 137 yrs.  (Dats a loooooong taim.)

Gershon can has sunz Libni and Shimei.  (Jus 2, eezy 2 rembember.)

Kohath can has sunz Amram, Izhar, Hebron and Uzziel. Kohath livz 133 yrs.  (Levi livz longr. Gud 4 him)

Merari can has sunz Mahli and Mushi.

Amram can has sunz Aaron and Moses.  (Hey! Dese R teh gud guyz inn R stori!)  Amram livz 137 years.  Gud 4 him. He eet hole granes.

Izhar can has sunz Korah, Nepheg and Zicri.

Uzziel can has sunz Mishael, Elzaphan and Sithri.

Aaron hook up wit Elisheba an marreez her.  She dottir uv Amminadab, and they can has sunz Nadab and Abihu, Eleazar and Ithamar (nawt in 1 litter LOL).

Korah can has sunz Assir, Elkanah an Abiasaph.

Eleazar iz sun uv Aaron.  He get HARBL GOES WHERE? wif dottir of Putiel, and she birff sun Phinehas.

OK jus mak shure.  The saim Moses an Aaron in fambli lizst abuv is saim as wunz hoo Ceiling Cat sai to dem "Get Israelites owt uv Egypt" (OK test on fambly lizst tomrrow.  Study tonite. LOL chust joke)

Moses an Aaron k? - doan forgett.

Itz so nise, da Bible say it twise: Ceiling Cat sez 2 Moses

"I can iz H4XOR. talk Pharaoh wif newz I tells U".

undefined

Then Ceiling Cat sez to Moses, "U iz like Ceiling Cat 2 Pharaoh, an Aaron iz ur prophit.

U sez what I tells u, and Aaron will do stufs too. When Aaron tells Pharaoh to let ur d00dz go

I maik Pharaoh all meen an say no,

and then I be in Pharaoh's Egypt judgin' his Egypt d00dz,

and Pharaoh will know I gotz ninja powerz den."

Moses and Aaron did what they wuz told.

Moses wuz 80 An Aaron was 83 when they talkeded to Pharaoh.

Ceiling Cat sez to Moses and Aaron,

When Pharaoh sayz 'do cool stufs wif powerz,' frow ur stick onna ground, An it will b a snaek.

So Moses and Aaron went to seez Pharaoh. Aaron frew his stick onna ground, and wtf it's a snaek!

Pharaoh got sum sorsors to do fancy stufs.

Pharaoh's sorsors also made sum snaekz, but Aarons snaek eated dem.

But Pharaoh sez, "so whut?"

Then Ceiling Cat sez, "Pharaoh is no fun, and is keepin ur d00dz.

Go see Pharaoh tomarow when he iz on da Nile. Don' ferget ur stick.

Den u say, 'Let mah d00dz go!'

And den u put ur stick inna water, and OMGWTF it b blud and stinky (kittehs no like water,but blud iz wurs),

and Egypt d00dz no can has fish. An no can has drinkz An no can has baffs either, ksept in blud, wich is stinkful.

Ceiling Cat also sez "U tell Aaron he gots to put his hands onna waters in Egypt and OMG dem is blud too, even in da bukkets!"

So Moses and Aaron did what they wuz told.

And BLARG the fish r ded. An teh kittehs wuz all sad cuz no can heas fishz An has to eatz meeses evry day An htey sed BOOOOOORRRRRRING!!!!!!

But Pharaoh's sorsors who wuz liek majik d00ds in WoW An thot dey wuz teh kewl An stufs made blood too, and Pharaoh sez "So whut?"

Then Pharaoh went in his howse.

And the Egypt d00dz maded holes inna ground for water.

undefined

Ceiling cat sez to Moses, "Tell Pharaoh 'Ceiling Cat sez let mah d00dz go, so they can wership me.

If u sez no, I maek frogeez all over ur whole country.

Teh Nile can has frogz. Frogz will be in ur base, and in ur bed, and in ur d00dz howses, and in ur kitchens.

Teh frogz will be all on ur peeplz. An dey will b in ur bukkitz makin ur tadpolez. An tehr wont b ne french d00dz 2 eatz tehm cuz french d00ds wuznt inventd yet. so tehre."

Then Ceiling Cat sez to Moses, "Tell Aaron to hold his stik onna waters, and maek sum frogz come out."

So Aaron held his stik out over teh water, and frogz was all over Pharaoh's base, jumpin on his d00dz.

But the sorsors also maed sum frogz.

Pharaoh sez, "ok, u win, u pray to Ceiling Cat to take away teh frogz, and I let ur d00dz go."

Moses sez to Pharaoh, "U tells me when to pray."

Pharaoh sez, "ok, tomarow, kthx." Moses sez, "works for me."

Teh frogz will leave ur base, and stop jumpin on ur d00dz, and go back to teh Nile."

After Moses and Aaron left Pharaoh's base, Moses yeld to Ceiling Cat about teh frogz.

And Ceiling Cat hurd him, and BLARG teh frogz r ded.

Big piles of ded frogz were maed, and it wuz stinky.

But when Pharaoh saw teh frogpilez, his heart wuz hard, An he wuz like "I no can hear Moses and Aaron."

So Ceiling cat sez to Moses, "Tell Aaron to hit teh ground wif his stik, and all over Egypt teh dust will become nats."

They did, and nats was all in Pharaoh's Egypt.

An dis tiem, teh sorsors could not maek no nats.

Teh sorsors sed to Pharaoh, "I fink Ceiling Cat is fo realz." But Pharaoh's heart wuz still hard (dey cood melt it in ovin, but den pharo wood dai).

So Ceiling Cat sez to Moses, "Waek up rly and say to Pharaoh, 'Ceiling cat sez: let mah d00dz go.'

If u don, I will send flais on u and ur d00dz and ur pplz.

But I will leave Goshen alone, cuz is teh Israelites base. And u will know that I, Ceiling Cat, am in Goshen protectin' mah d00dz.

I will maek mah d00dz and ur d00dz different. U sees it tomarow!"

And Ceiling Cat shows it the nxt day. Bunches of flais flewed into Pharaoh's base and into his d00dz howses. An sum ov teh gypshunz sed wish der wuz stil sum frogz 2 eatz all htese flyz but sum othr gypshunz sed stfu so dey sed k An shutted up.

Then Pharaoh asks Moses and Aaron, "Kill stufs for Ceiling Cat here in Egypt."

But Moses sez, "Do not want. Egypt d00dz wud b gr0ssed out, and hit us wif roks.

We hazta go away 4 free days to give Ceiling Cat ded stufs. Is orders."

Pharaoh sez, "OK, but u better not go far. Now, u prey for me."

Moses sez, "I pray after I go. Tomarow teh flais will leev ur base. But no mor triks, Pharaoh - u hasta let mah d00dz go offer sacurfices."

Then Moses praid to Ceiling Cat.

An Ceiling Cat was cool and maed all teh flais go home.

undefined

Den da Ceiling Cat sed to Moses "Go sey to Pharaoh 'Thus seys Ceiling Cat, tha God ov da Hebrewz, "Let meh d00dz go yah?"

Srsly,

Iffin ya doan't, Ceiling Cat will off al ur animulz!  He will!  All horsies, dawnkees, humpty kamels, baa-sheeps, moo-cows an goatz.

But Ceiling Cat wont off hiz peeps animulz cos tht b mean!

So Ceiling Cat set a time, "2moro at 5ish!"

So da next day Ceiling Cat did it an all da animals ov da gypshuns gots run ova by Monorail Cat but not Ceiling Cat's peeps animulz.

Pharaoah was like "WOAH".  He sent owt boorucrats to chek an tehy saw Israel animables wer okey-dokey,  but he stil didnt let Ceiling Cat's peeps go.

An Ceiling Cat got Moses an Aaron to chuck soot at Pharoah.

It spreaded is greasy an will makes every1 Egyptians spotty

An so dey thro it an eve1 gets lyke all boils ova dem.

An magicians trys 2 magic da pimples aweh but dnt work

But Pharorah was like 'w/e' n still neva let da ppl go

Ceiling Cat seys 2 Moses "Tell Pharorah tht he beta let dem ppl go"

or dis time im gonna send dis plaig on every1 even da servents n even ppl ova in china n canada n ever wher n da hole word so tht u no i am a big deel

I coulda shoulda woulda bust ya b4

but I wantz u ppl 2 no my name

U are gonna pay 4 dis Pharoah!!

Dis time 2moro its gonna be such bad hael

U hide ur animulz or they b struck dwn by da big rocks

Pharoah puts all da animables in hiz howse

But whoeva didnt listen 2 Ceiling Cat left der slaves n animulz in da fields

Ceiling cat told Moses to put his hans up

An den Moses put his hans up

An hael came down

Da hael smushd a few peepohl n animulz

But Ceiling Cat made Israel safe

Da Pharorah got Moses n said 'ok i have doned a big invisable error, Ceiling Cat is rite.

Plead wit da Ceiling Cat, im gonna let every1 go now

Moses seys soon as i leave dis city there aint be no more thunder n hael kai?

U need b scardy o Ceiling Cat!! mkai?

Now da barley b dead, no gonna makes beer

Wheat OK

Moses left da city an da hael stopped

When Pharorah sawed it stop he made anotha invisble error

undefined

Teh Ceiling Cat sed un2 Moses, go 2 Pharaoh: 4 i hav made is hert hard

An tell everybodys arond Egypt tht i hav been da 1 makin all da plagues

So Moses an Aaron went 2 Pharaoh n sed 2 um "Ceiling Cat say, God ov teh Hebrews, how lng do i havva wait til yu let meh peepohl out?"

"Or il open dis box ov flyin buggies"

An der wil b so many dat u wnt beable 2 see trees no mores

An dey shall goin in2 all da houses n mess evey fing up!" so Moses an Aaron lft.

An Pharorahs m8s got mad n sed "how lng u gonna be lettin dem ppl go? hurry cos i dnt want no buggies on me"

An Moses an Aaron came bk 2 Pharaoh so Pharaoh sed "Go, serve ur Ceiling Cat, wot u hangin round here 4?"

An Moses replyd "OK"

An e sed on2 him "Let Ceiling Cat be wivs u"

Not so: go yea tht mean serve Ceiling Cat!!!1

An teh Ceiling Cat sed 2 Moses "Streth ur hands out"

Den it got reeli windi n sum Locusts came n blew everywer

An da locusts went everi wher all ova

Dey covad da faces in da hole earth an dey ate all da froots

Teh Pharaoh cld for Moses an Aaron n haste an he sed "iv dun anotha invisable error!"

Now use can go lyke n da ppl

An hee went 2 Pharaoh n in teated da Ceiling Cat

An teh Ceiling Cat got all da Locusts bk

But den Pharaoh changd is mind

An da Ceiling Cat sed 2 Moses "look, im gona turn dah lites off so itll be reely dark kay?"

An Moses strthchd is arms out n den it wis dark

But he let ppl in Israel hav lite

An Pharaoh changd bk is mind n sed dat da peephol cud go

An Moses sed "OK"

"But wer bringin da cows wiv us n tht ok" he added.

But den Pharoah chnged his mind!!!!

Den Pharorah sed "Stay awey frum meh Moses kthxbai"

undefined

Ceiling Cat telz Moses: Wun mor plaig.  This taim 4 shur.  This taim U can has exit visa frum Ejippd.

Tellz ur male kittahs and female kittahs baoth 2 axsk fer silber an goald frum dair Ejippshin neybor d00dz.

They be OK wit givven U dat stuf.  Dey likes U guyz.  I fixd it dat wey, k?

Moses sez to Pharaoh: "Midnites, I can has naice stroll aroun Ejippd.  Not so naice reezn Y I can has naice stroll.

Den, all oldst sunz in Ejippd R offd.  Fall down, go boom!  Pharaoh #1 sun byebye.  Slave #1 sun byebye.  Even moocow #1 sun byebye.

All Ejippd cry'n'cry. Lowdst evah cry'n'cry.

But no cryin in da Israel howsez.  Even dogz no bark neer Israel howzes. Ceiling Cat fixs things good.

Den U will giv us da royal boot, an we be out of Ejippd.  Yay!  knothxbai!"  Dhen angri Moses stompd awai frum Pharaoh.

Ceiling Cat sed 2 Moses: "Pharaoh wont listen, so U gotta go wit da stroll, an I'll tak da toll.

undefined

Ceiling Cat sez 2 Moses n Aaron:

nao is time u can nomz sheepz.  (use kung fu to killz dem.)

I haz a recipe.  Eech fambly howze maik wun sheepz fore din-dins.

If teh fambly iz littel, den shaer a sheepz wif anodder fambli.  Doan forgit: Taik al U want, but eet wat U take.  Save rest 4 latr in frij kthx ... o wait no sry frij no invented yet ... forget i sed that!

Da sheepz U cuk muss B da best EVAR no bad sheepz k

Off dem all on da saim dai, at de saim hour, on da 14th ov da munth.

B4 U cook, put sheepz blood on ur door fraims.  Dun ask wai, trust me k?

Den follow recipe, an eet sheepz dat niet.  It haz a flavur cookd wif vegtbls.  Bred yes but da yeest DO NOT WANT!

Cuk all sheepz in fryin panz lik h00mans, no yummy raw meet 2nite.

Lik I sez: Taik al U want, but eet all U taik.  No leff-overs! srsly

Oh, an 1 moar thing.  Eet faszt, werring all ur invisible cloze.  Sounz weerd? Trst mee.

Oh btw, dat nite, I Ceiling Cat go an pwn all Egyptians #1 sunz, uv ppl an animables.  Even piggz #1 sunz.

U Israelites sit in yr howsez w sheepz bluud on da doors, I no get U.  U all liv.

Dis event iz nao holly dai!  I kalls it Passover.

Evry yr, U eet bred wid no yeest, or I pwnz U.

an U meet up to sai "Oh hai Ceiling Cat, u rulz - srsly."  Nobody wurk thos dayz k, unless U in da kitchen LOL.

Sum ov U muss B stoopid, coz I repeet 2 U.

Eeach yr, seben dayz, no yeest in Ur bred.  Is called matza it gud nom nom k.

If U hav yeest in ur bred, den I'm in yur howze, pwning U.

No gettin owt uv it.  No scyooses.  Rools be rools, k?

Moses he sez nao iz tyme for sheepz feest.

Doan forgit to smeer sheepz bluud on yr doorfraimz.  Vry impotent. An stay in.  U is howse kittehs  tonite.  Lok yr catflap shutt.

U stay in an Ceiling Cat keepz U safe, k?

Moses sez "U do all dis, not jist tonite

but also aftr we get to teh promisd litter box.

Then ur kittens goinna axskx U Y kittehs hav dese roolz.

U tellz teh kittens uv yr litterz itz Passover!" Den Moses STFU an teh Israelite kittehs prayzz Ceiling Cat.

Israel kittehs folloz da roolz.

Itz midnitez an all hell braiks loos!  All teh #1 sunz of Ejipp go "Blargh I am ded".

All uv Ejipp cry'n'cry.

Dat nite, Pharaoh sez 2 Moses n Aaron "All Israel GTFO uv Ejipp nao  srsly.

Taikx ur animables 2 in dair flox.  An say Hi to Ceiling Cat for me, k?"

Egyptians say 2 Isaelites "OMFG! go 'fore we all goz 'Blargh' ".

So Israelites grab dair bred an karri it wif dem.

An Israel kats asxkx Egyptians "btw we can has yr bling?"

Dey get goald an silber bling frum Egyptians.  Ceiling Cat fixd it guud.

Da Isaelitez GTFO from Rameseseseseses to Succoth (dat mean BOOTHS) bout 600,000 d00dz on foot, not counting lil kittehs.

N a Meow Mix bunch o peepz GTFO wit dem 2, n lots o moocows n sheeples n goatse n stuff, flocks n herds.

N dey maked nasty matzoh bred wif no yeest frum the no-yeest dough dey tookened outta Ejipp cuz de wuz told to GTFO uf Ejipp (but u knewz dat, rite?) n cood not delay; n dey can haz no provisions cuz Ceiling Cat no told Mosez n Aaron to tell dem to get ready but ya think dey wudda got a cloo n dun it demselves afta the 5th plague ya kno? O well.

Da Israelitz wuz in Ejipp 430 yearz;

at da end uf doze 430 yearz like to the nanosecond cuz da Ceiling Cat iz superanal dat way, all da ranks uf Ceiling Cat GTFO uf Ejipp's sandbox.

N 4 Ceiling Cat it wuz nite of watchinz; dat same nite iz Ceiling Catz, a nite to stay up n no sleepz 4 all kittehs uf Israelz.

K n Ceiling Cat sez 2 Moses n Aaron: Dis is law uf passovah treatsies: No furriner can has cheezburger wit choo.

But ne slavez u bot can has cheezburger wit choo after u cut off hiz 4skin YEOWTCH!

No contracturz n no day laborerz n nobuddy who say WILL WORK 4 FOOD can haz cheezburger wit choo.

U can haz cheezburger in 1 house only, no to-go orders plz. No breakingz itz bonz eithur.

All U peepz uf Israel shall has cheezburger.

If n a furriner who livz wit choo DO WANT cheezburger wit Ceiling Cat, all uf his d00dz must cut off dere 4skinz; den he can has cheezburger; he get citizenshipz. But no d00dz wit da 4skinz can has cheezburger.

But dere iz 1 law 4 da citizenz n da peepz wit da green kards 2.

N all da Israelites did dat; as Ceiling Cat commanded Moses n Aaron, dey did dat. If dat still not kleer go back n read it gain K?

undefined

K so Ceiling Cat still yakkin at Moses n he sez 2 him he sez

"I wantz all ur 1stborn, d00dz n beasties, da 1st thingz dat cum outta gurl-hole iz mine, kthxbai."

N Moses sez to his peepz,
"Blog dis day dat u GTFO uf Ejipp, dat nasty sandbox nobuddy ever scoopened; how Ceiling Cat helped u GTFO wif mighty paw: no yeesty bred u can haz.

U GTFO on dis day in munth uf Abib.

So when Ceiling Cat has brunged u into sandbox uf Canaanites, Hitties, Amorites, Hivites n Jebusites, which He sez 2 ur daddiez dat u can haz, land flowing wit milk n hunny n cheezburgerz U shall do dis:

7 daze u can has only nasty icky matzoh bred n on 7th day u can haz partie 4 Ceiling Cat.

Jus so U unnerstanz cuz I no u peepz like loopholz: 4 all 7 daze nasty unleavened matzoh u can haz; yeesty normal bred u no can eetz; no can haz regular bred wif choo n no can has it on ur landz

N U shall splain 2 ur sonz on dat day "Itz cuz Ceiling Cat did all dis stuff 4 me when I GTFO uf Egypt, dat's worth a week uf eatzin nuttin but matzoh what make u constipatined."

N dis will be like a note writenz on ur paw n on ur 4head--so dat de lessinz uf Ceiling Cat be in ur mouf--dat wif mightee paw Ceiling Cat let u GTFO Ejipp.

U will do diz evvy year OR ELSE!

But wait, derez more! N when Ceiling Cat brungz u into sandbox uf Canaanites, n he will cuz he promissed u n ur daddiez, n sez U can haz it,

u setz apart for Ceiling Cat da first isshoo uf every womb: every boy firstborn dat ur moocowz drop is Celing Cat's.

But evvy first-born donkee u haf to give me a sheep 2 get it back or u haf 2 breaks its neck till itz ded. N u haf 2 redeem ur 1stborn boy kittehs 2.

N when ur boy kittehs growz up n sez "Why U do dat?" u say "Cuz Ceiling Cat helped us GTFO Ejipp, the sandbox nobuddy scooped.

When Pharoah said Uh-uh u no can goez Ceiling Cat pwned evvy 1stborn in Egypt's sandbox, 1stborn uf both d00dz n beesties. So I gif 2 Ceiling Cat evvy first boy of bomb, but redeemz evvy oldest of my boy kittehs. Wake up! I'm still talking to you!

N so it'll be lilke a big note written in red Sharpies on ur hand n on ur 4head dat wif mighty paw Ceiling Cat sez GTFO Ejipp."

K so when da Pharoah letz da peepz go, Ceiling cat said don go to Philistine land, tho that's closer cuz Ceiling Cat said, "Dem peepz might shit dere pantz if dey sees war n go back 2 Ejipp."

So Ceiling Cat took peeps on scenic root thru Sea of Reeds. The Israelites wuz packin heat out of Ejipp.

N Moses brunged bonez uf Joseph (remember him?) who made kittehs uf Israel do dat, cuz he said "Ceiling Cat will notice if u bringz mah bonz up with choo."

Dey GTFO Succoth (Booths), n camped out at Etham, near da big wildernez.

Celing Cat went in front uf dem in a cloud in day, so dey don get lost, n as  pillar uf fier at nite so dey can seez where dey goin, so dey cood travel all day n nite.

undefined

Ohai agen. So tehn Ceiling Cat sez 2 mozis:

"Ohai Mozis. Tel evrybdy that caem from Isreil that tehy shud go chilout o'er taht way, by teh red see, srsly.

An farro wil b liek, wtf? R tehy stuk in teh sandbocks?

An I say farro is stubrn liek donkei. he gon chayse u but i pwnz farro An farros armei. An teh gypshuns kno I is Ceiling Cat." An teh izrelites did wut Ceiling Cat sez.


So farro was liek, "OMG wher did tehy go?!?!?!" Cuz theey all lefted alreddy. An he An his peepz change der mynds abowt lettin em go. teh gypshuns were sad cuz der slayvs all left.

An den farro gott in hiz farro cheryot and was leik, "C'mon giez lets go get thoes slaves bak!!"

Farro wentt afterr teh Isralights wit leik 600 ov hiz bestest armei d00ds, srsly.

So stubrn farro chaysd dem An Israel was all, "Bai, srry."

But Farro An hiz cheryots chaysd dem more An he cachd up wid teh Izrelites at teh red see.

Tehn teh Irsaaiels sawd Egipshins and wer all, "OMFG@!!!"

So teh Isrealights were ril madd @ Mosis b/c tehy didint want 2 dei! tehy all "wy we hafta dei heer?!?! we wooda deid in egypp anywai."

Tehy wud rathur do evrything 4 the egipshins then dei!!! Right??


So Mosis sed "OMG CHILLOUT! Ceiling Cat sez wer ttly OK. u no see gypshuns nemor.

"Ceiling Cat will gives u cheezburgers! I promis u all! dun moov!"

So Ceiling Cat sez "wy u all scard An axkin fer help? keep moovin.

holdz up ur big stik over teh see. teh see will splitz apart, leik srsly! An u An teh Izrelites can walks on grownd An not get wet becuz DO NOT WANT!!1!

An cuz teh gypshuns, tehy stubrn, tehy chayse u. but I wil pwnz dem all.

An aftur pwnzing, teh gypshuns kno I is Ceiling Cat."


So teh big clowd taht wuz Ceiling Cat wuz in frunt but it movd 2 teh bak. it movd

so it wer btween teh gypshuns An teh Izrelites. An teh clowd wuz dark scarei clowd fur teh gypshuns, but wuz nyse hapei clowd fur teh Izrel d00ds. An teh armeis no can see cuz it wer dark (cept 4 kitties cuz dey cn C in dark).

Moses put his han ovur teh see, An Ceiling Cat mayk big wind that blowd see all nite till see wuz drei lan so kitties no get wet. teh waterz wer dvided.

Teh izrelites crosd see on drei urth an no get wet. but tehr wuz walls o water on teh sieds.

But teh gypshuns An teh charyots chaysd tehm OMG!!


Tehn, rite be4 sun caym up, Ceiling Cat lookd at teh gypshuns An he pwnzd dem so dey freekd ouwt.

An teh weelz ov teh charyots wuz stuk an not moov gud. teh gypshuns sed "Ceiling Cat fites 4 justis 4 teh izrelites, An he no leik us. we shud skedaddlz, leik srsly."

Ceiling Cat sed 2 moses: "hold ur han ovur teh see, An teh waterz, tehy cum bak An coverz teh gypshuns."

so moses hold hiz han ovur teh see, An teh waterz go bak 2 normul. teh gypshuns treid 2 run awai, but Ceiling Cat frew dem in2 teh see.

Teh waterz coverd teh charyots An all teh gypshun armei d00ds. leik srsly. not evun 1 gypshun cud excayp teh waterz.

But teh izrelites, tehy crosd see on drei urth an no get wet An tehr wuz walls o water on teh sides 4 dem.


So Ceiling Cat savd teh izrel peepz taht dey. An teh izrelites seed teh gypshuns all wetz an puffey on teh beech.

undefined

Moses An teh izrelites singa song to Ceiling Cat An it go lyk this: 
"I sing to teh Ceiling Cat cuz he ttly pwnd ar enmees An is ful of win; 
he frew teh charyots An teh gypshons in2 teh see. 

Ceiling Cat fites 4 justis; he sav me frum teh bad gaiz. 
he is Ceiling Cat, An I mak him cookies, 
he was Ceiling Cat for my dad too An i singa song for him. 

Ceiling Cat fite for us An his name be Ceiling Cat. 

"Ceiling Cat frew teh gypshons An teh charyots in2 teh see; 
An teh bestest armei d00ds was drownded in teh red see. 

An tehy was covrd by teh waterz; An tehy go 2 botom ov see like relly beeg roks. 

"Ceiling Cat, ur rite paw is reel awsm for teh pwnzing; 
An it mak enmies teeny tiny peeses. 

Yoo r ful of gud An win to pwn teh enmees; 
an if u gets mad teh enmees burn up wit fyre an look kool. 

Yoo blowd on teh see An teh waterz was walls; 
teh botom of teh see was teh grownd. 

Teh enmees sayd 'Iz gonna chayse tehm An Iz gonna cach tehm; 
Iz gonna takes there money An wif my sord I takes there stuf.' 

But yor brefs, Ceiling Cat, makes teh gypshuns drownded; 
tehy fell to botom even tho tehy DO NOT WANT!! 

"Ceiling Cat, is ther other cats in ceiling like yoo? NO!
Is ther a cat as ful of gud an win lyk yoo? NO! 
Can other cat give many cheezburgers? NO! 

Yoo strech yur rite paw, 
An teh urth gulp enmees. 

Yoo not brake yur promiss, yoo rescood teh peeps; 
An yoo strong An yoo bring tehm to teh good litterbocks. 

Teh othr nashuns, tehy heer yur strong, An tehy scard of yoo! 
Teh Philistines cant moov dey so scard! 

Teh Edom lidors r ful of lose; 
teh strong mans from Moab shakes in der boots 
teh peeps frum Canaan r lyk teh cowardly lion (cept he not inventd yet). 

Tehy ful of scard An lose. 
dey no yoo r strong, Ceiling Cat, dey no moov frum scard til yur peeps go by- 
teh peeps yoo savd frum slavree. 

U bringz dem An puts tehm on teh mowntin, 
teh playse u choosd 4 teh home, Ceiling Cat, 
teh holy bocks u bildeded. 

Ceiling Cat, yoo r king forever." 
Moses lyks 2 repeet hisself alot. 

Miriam Singa Song 2



Teh izrelites went throo teh see on teh grownd An not get wet, lyk I sayd befor. An teh gypshons An teh charyots An stuf went in2 teh see, Ceiling Cat coverd tehm wif teh waterz, also lyk I sayd befor. 

Miriam, sis of Aaron An Moses, took teh tambreen, An teh laydeez go aftur her. Teh laydeez had tambreens too An tehy dansd.

An Miriam sanga song to tehm lyk this: 
"Singa song to Ceiling Cat, cuz he wins teh day; 
he frew teh gypshuns in2 teh see." 
Miriam singa short song. 

Teh Water has a flavr



Tehn Moses brang teh izrelites away from teh red see in2 teh sandbocks calld Shur. Tehy walkd threw teh sandbocks for three dayz, but dey finds no waterz.

Then tehy caym to playse calld Marah, An ther was waterz. Teh waterz had a flavr, An teh flavr was bad. An tahts wy playse calld Marah, cuz Marah meens "has a bad flavr."

Teh ppls whynd to Moses An sayd, "Whut we drinks now??"

Moses prayd to Ceiling Cat, An Ceiling Cat showd him sum wood. Moses frew teh wood in teh waterz, An teh waterz had a flavr, An teh flavr wuz gud. 
Ceiling Cat gave teh peepls laws, An he testd teh peepls.

he sayd, "if yoo dos wutevr I say to doo An doo wut I says is good, yoo not cach teh gypshun sicknessis. I is Ceiling Cat, I makes u feel bettr." 

undefined

Teh hole j00 crew lef Elim n cumz 2 teh Desert o Sin, taht is between Elim n Sinai, on teh fifteenth day o teh 2nd munf after tehy had cum out o Egypt.

In teh desert teh hole cr00 startid flame war gainst Moses n Aaron.

Teh j00s sez 2 tehm, "t00 bad CEILING CAT din pwn us 2 deth in Egypt! Haz cheezburgrz in Egypt, but u bringed us wher no haz cheezburgrz.  We is dyin 2 haz cheezburgr." 

Tehn CEILING CAT sez 2 Moses, "Hakkkkh hakkkhh hakkk hhhhaqqqqqqq blehhhhh", for CEILING CAT did much gruming, and expelt furz and cheezburgrz frum hiz belly.  He then sez "I throwz exter cheezburgrz 2 u frum ceiling."  An' Moses sez, "gross--want nu cheezburgrz."  An' CEILING CAT sez, "OK--Teh ppl are 2 go out each day n gather enuf Nu cheezburgrz 4 taht day. Iz test 2 c if tehy suck."

On teh 6th day tehy are 2 nuke teh cheezburgrz, n taht is 2 b twice as much as tehy scarf up on teh other days." 

So Moses n Aaron sez 2 all teh j00s, "Tonite u wil no taht it were CEILING CAT who brung u out o Egypt,

n in teh morning u wil see teh awsomness o CEILING CAT, cuz him chekd out ur flame war gainst him. Who are we, taht u should flame us?"

Moses also sez, "U wil no taht it were CEILING CAT when him gives u beef paties n cheez 2 eat in teh evening n all teh bunz u want in teh morning, cuz him has chekd ur flame gainst him. Who are we? U are not flamin us, but CEILING CAT." 

Tehn Moses tol Aaron, "Say 2 teh entire j00 cr00, 'Cum b4 CEILING CAT, 4 him red ur flam war n him not hapy kitteh.'"

While Aaron were talkin 2 teh hole j00 cr00, tehy lukd @ teh desert, n there waz teh awsomnes o CEILING CAT in a clowd.  Wuz shapd like kitteh, srsly.

CEILING CAT was laik Moses,

"I herd teh flamin o teh j00s. Tell em, 'At twilight u can haz cheezburgr, n in teh morning u can haz bunz. Tehn u wil no taht I am CEILING CAT.'" 

taht nite cheezburgrz covered teh camp, n in teh morning was a layer o dew in teh camp.

When teh dew were gon, lil flaks like frost on teh groun is on teh sand.

undefined

awl teh izrelites left teh sandbocks of bad, An tehy moovd arownd wehn Ceiling Cat say so. tehy mayd camp at Rephidim, but tehr no were water.

so teh peepls complaned too Moses An say "gives us waters!!!" 
Moses say, "why y00 complane? is y00 giv Ceiling Cat pop quiz?" 

but teh peepls wus reely therstee An tehy keeped complanes to Moses. tehy say "why u taked us owt of egypp? y00 wanna kill us An ar baybees An ar moocows from therstee?" 

so Moses prayd to Ceiling Cat An say "wut i d00 wif teh peepls? tehy gonna frow roks at me soon!" 

Ceiling Cat say to Moses "tayk sum izrelite leedrs An go in front of peepls. dont furget yor stik!

Iz gonna stan in frunt o y00 on a rok at Mount Sinai. hit teh rok wif teh stik, An waters come owt." So Moses did taht wehn teh izrelite leedrs wachd. 

tehn taht playse wer calld Massah An Meribah cuz the izrelites complaned An gayv Ceiling Cat pop kwiz an akxed "is Ceiling Cat tehre?" 
 Go too War wif Amalekites!!1! 


Amalekites caym An attakk izrelites at Rephidim!!1! teh Amalekites r not reely kites. tehy danjrus.

Moses say to Joshua "pik owt sum warryurs An armei d00ds to fite teh Amalekites tmorow. Iz gonna stan on teh hill ovr tehre wif my stik."

Joshua doed wut Moses say An he went to fite teh Amalekites. Moses An Aaron An Hur went to top of teh hill.

wehn Moses holded his arms up teh izrelites winned An wehn he put his arms down teh Amalekites winned.

Moseses arms gotted tired. so Aaron An Hur gayv him a big rok to sit on An tehy standed nex to him An holded up his arms til sun goed down.

so Joshua ttly winned over Amalekites. 

tehn Ceiling Cat say to Moses, "write teh storei of teh win, so teh peepls rememer it frever. An say to Josh taht iz gonna destroy Amalekites."

Moses builded a altar An it had name "Ceiling Cat is my flag."

undefined

Den Jethro, preest of Midian and tom-in-law of Moses, heerd eveything Ceiling Cat dun for Moses An for his kittehs uv Isrel, An how teh Ceiling Cat had brot Israel out ov da kitteh litters dat nevr got changed. Srsly.

After Moses sed DO NOT WANT to his wyf Zipporah, his tom-in-law Jethro gots her,

An her two boy kittehs. One kitteh was named Gershom, for Moses sayd, "I is become a alien in a foreign littr box";

An teh othr wus named Eliezer, he sayd, "My father's Ceiling Cat was my d00d; he save me from teh soard of Faroe."

Jethro, Moseses Tom-in-law, together wit Moses' boy kittehs An wyf, came to he in the sandbox, where he wuz curled up near teh mountain of Ceiling Cat.

Jethro had sent werd to him, "Iz, your Tom-in-law Jethro, iz coming to u wif ur wyf An her two boy kittehs."

So Moses went out to meet his tom-in-law and rolled on teh sidewak and licked him. They rubbed on each others and den went onto da sofa.

Moses told his tom-in-law about alls teh Ceiling Cat had dun to Faroe and teh Gypshuns for Isreel's sayk and about all teh hardships dey met long teh way and how teh Ceiling Cat had saveded dem.

Jethro purrd when he heer about all teh good things Ceiling Cat had dun for Isreel in pwning teh Gypshuns.

He sayd, "Praise be to Ceiling Cat, who pwned all teh Gypshuns An Faroe, and who maded the Gypshuns leave da kittehs alones.

Now I no that Ceiling Cat is greater than all other cats ov ceiling, cuz he pwned those who thot they pwned teh Isreel kittehs."

An den Jethro, Moses' tom-in-law, gived a cheezburgr An Pokemans to Ceiling Cat, An Aaron came with all the old kittehs of Isreel to eat cheezburgr buns wif Moses' tom-in-law and Ceiling Cat. Nom nom nom.
 Apointmint ov Judges 


Teh next day Moses took his seat to serve as judge for teh kittehs, An they stood around him teh hole day and nite.

When his tom-in-law saw all that Moses was doing for teh kittehs, he said, "What is this you are doing for the kittehs? Why y00 sit as judge by yurself, while all these peepls stand around you teh hole day and nite?" Srsly?

Moses anserd him, "cause the peepls come to me to no wut Ceiling Cat want.

When dey has a awgooment, it is brot to me, An I decide between teh kittehs and tellz them of Ceiling Cat's rulez."

Jethro say "yor doin it wrong.

y00 gonna mayk urself tird An teh peepls get tire to. is too much fr just wun persn.

take my avyse An Ceiling Cat be wif yoo. is gud for to hav juhjes An bring prolems to Ceiling Cat.

is gud yoo teech teh peepls wut Ceiling Cat say An tells tehm how to liv An do.

but y00 shud chooz sum gud kittehs to be leedrs of teh peepls: leedrs for lots An lots of peepls. tehy shud be fraid o Ceiling Cat An can be trustd An no tayks cheezburgr bribes.

tehy be judges fr teh peepl frever. tehy cn bring teh reely hard argments to yoo, but tehy can figur owt teh small wuns. tahts eezyur fr u.

if u  doo tihs lyk Ceiling Cat say, yoo not gonna be tire An teh peepls all go home hapee." 

Moses do wut Jethro say

An he choosd gud mens frum teh Izrelites. he mayd tehm leedrs of lots An lots o peepls.

tehy wuz judges fr teh peepl frever, An tehy brang teh hard argments to Moses but figgurd owt teh smal wuns bai tehmselfs. 

undefined

after whilz dey found dis desert wif some sand n stuff.

dey lay on the sofas by da big mountain and snooozed

Ceiling cat sed "HAI Moses! tell ur doods

remembre all the cheezburgers I gaves u n dat other stuff 2

o! an do what i says and iz be protectin u like u'z mai cheezburger.

u guys can b mai posse!"

mozus went and told his d00ds

n him doods waz like WAI!!

den ceiling cat sed "i'm gon' be in ur magic cloud! talkin to ur doods

so evrbody go cleans ur litter boxes

cause u gotsta be readies when i show up on s1nai n mai magic cloud

telz evr1 i no want uz on teh mountain

if i catches u on teh mountain iz gonna eat u

mozus and his peeps cleaned out all their litterboxes, licked demselfes clean

and mozus told him peeps "lokai. we cleanz now. No more buttsechs til afer Ceiling cat comes back"

then there waz big storm and kittehs were like OMGWTFBBQ

mozus and his peeps went 2 see teh ceiling cat

Ceiling Cat fell off teh ceiling, and he waz all on fire

mozus was like wtf and ceiling cat was like chill out d00dz

ceilin cat told mozus hai! come sit near the ceiling soz I can talk to yoos better

mozus went to talk and ceilin cat sed "I like u okay but I'm gonna eat ur peeps if they get up in mai biz

even the ones wif cheezburgers"

mozus was like "omg ttly under control dood"

an ceiling cat was like"okai okai u can bring arron 2"

undefined

Then Ceiling Cat spoked all them werds:

I iz Ceiling Cat An I iz Top Cat, An I broughted u out of hawt litturbawx wit no cheezbrgrs for hard mousin at all

No can has other ceiling cat!! U gotz other Ceiling Cat, I shoot yous wit mah lollazer eyes. Srsly.

If u try be Ceiling Cat of any of mai creayshunz up in floaty skai, down in erth or in watr or I shoot yous wit mah lollazer eyes.

If u think faek Ceiling Cat iz Ceiling Cat, I mek u ded An ur kittenz ded An if yur kittenz have kittenz, dey be ded too, for being stupid and stuffs.

If not I wuv u An all ur lotz uf kittenz!

U sez Ceiling Cat bad, I shoot yous wit mah lollazer eyes, cuz I dun liek it. Srsly.

Remembur Caturday An keep holy.

U ketch mousies 6 dais An finish ketchin, K?

Caturday, u no ketchin mousies. U An all ur peepz go wrship me. And, if yu beez gudd, I maks it so yu can stays home and do alla stuffs yu wanted tu doos.

I maded heavenz An erth An see An the stuff that does teh funney hoppey stuffz in An on it - so I make it holy cuz I no ketch mousies.

Bez u good to papa kitteh An mama kitteh so u has long nine liefs.

U no maek peepz ded with teh malice! Srsly!

U no maek sexxes wit other gurlz or menz than urs (that mi jobz!).

U no taek cheezburgerz for free if not getz for free.

U no tell bad stuff ov ur neibor.

U no wantz neibor cheezburgerz! No wief, no gurlz, no menz, no abimalz, NO BUKKITZ! DEY NOT UR BUKKITZ, K? dey da LOLrus' bukkits.

When peepz see mai great orkestr wit thundr An all cool speshul effects thei wur scairdey wimps

Thei sed to Mozus 'U goez speek to uz An we will listen; but Ceiling Cat will shoot us wit His lazer eyes!'

Mozus LOL'd lotz, An a bit moar, for thei wuz such scairdies, An sed 'Ceiling Cat no maek u ded; he just wantz to hav fun wit u gais An maek u scairdey cats so u obei him.'

But peepz wur still scairdies An let Mozus go ther to Ceiling Cat.

Ceiling Cat sez "Tellz them scairdies: 'U see I meowed to u from big ceilingz.

U no mek me of silvar or goldz.

U mek me altar of kitteh-litturz An gif me pwnz0rzed animulz ther An I gif u cheezburgr.

But u no maek me altar of bjutiful stonez. DO NOT WANT!

undefined

Lissen up my peeps, theez r how u bee judjn ahn them.

If yu bye Heeb servint, six yrs yu getz servd: an in teh sebbenth he iz holla'n, 'freedum!'

If he bee on hiz ohn, he leaf ahn hiz ohn: if he wuz maryd, hiz wyf go wif him.

If hiz mastah haz givn wyf too him, an if she haz kitnz thankz to slayv; wyf an kitnz iz pwn3d by mastah, an slayv betta gowai. O, SNAPZ!

An if servint sez, O noes! I luv mastah, wyf an kitnz; kin ai haz fambly?

Hiz mastah shall bringz him to judgz; he shall alsoh bringz him to doar, or doar post; an mastah shall jam icepik thru eer; an mastah getz servd 4evah by slayv, so noes talkn back biatch.

An if cat selz hiz doter 2 b maydservint, she shall not goez out az teh menservintz duhz.

If she sez 'iz it in yet???' to mastah, who iz maryd too her, then he shall letz her bee redeemd: noez sellin' her to strayng nashun jus cuz he cain't git it up.

An if he iz maryn her to hiz sun, he shall deal wif her lik if she wuz a doter.

If he take anotha wyf; her Meow Mix, her furz, an her duty to PENIS GOEZ WHERE???, shall he nawt diminsh.

If mastah doez nawt gif 'er dese three tings, she goez free, bit wid no moneey$.

U hitz a kitteh an he goes "Blargh I am ded!" then yooz too dyze.

But if U not meenz too killz him, then U must scamper off 2 hide unnner porch I desingates.

But if yooz planz and offs anodder kitteh, den yooz muss B takn frum mah altar and offed yurslf, srsly.  No jokes.

Ani kitteh hoo attacxkx dair ma ur pa moss dye. An I doan meen Kate Moss.

Iff yoooz kidsnap anodder kitteh and sellz dat kitteh, den itz EndCat tiem fur yooz, not huggz tiem.

Even iff yuuz disses yur mommacat ur poppacat, you dyez.  Tuff rools, eh?

If yooz can haz fite an injurs annoder kitteh, an dat kitteh haids awai to lick hizzelf bettr,

Den de wun hoo did teh bitin' n scratchin' woant be blamd, butt haz gotta pay 4 foodz n catsnip 4 teh injurd kitt.

Iff U hitz yr slaev wid a stik, and teh slaiv gtz hurt, U muss B haxxored,

butt no prolbem, if slaev okai lader.  Itz yr slaev, lol!

If yooz fites and hurtz femail preggerz kittah, an da kittnz goez 4th, butt no harmz iz cawzed, den uuuuz muss pay monies dat judgez demanzz.

Butt iff youz maik ouchy, you takes lief 4 lief,

ai 4 ai, toof 4 toof, paw 4 paw

scrach 4 scrach, biet 4 byte, tael 4 tale.

If a ketteh hittz a survunt in de eye, an teh survunt goez bline in deh eye, den teh kitteh muss letz survunt goez free.

An iff hee nox owt a toof, de survunt goez free.

If a man-moo-cow stix hiz hoarn ina kitteh so hardd it dyz, de man-moo-cow getz offed.  No bull!      ! Teh man-moo-cow muss be kilt wid stoanz huckd at it, an U cannod eet teh meetz.  Butt teh kitteh hoo  pwnd teh moocow iz not blaimd.

Bud iff teh moocow can has hobby uv stikin hoarnz in, an teh oaner wuz warnd, an teh moocow killz, den teh moocow AN oanr muss dy.  2 badd!

Butt oanr can pay shekels orr odder munnys an liff insted.

Saim goz if moocow stix hoarn in sun oar dotter kittenz.

If moocow kilz slaev, pay 30 shekelz an huck stoanz at moocow until ded. (Moocowz R trubble, buy sheepz insted. Piggz nott allowd).

Iff kitteh diggz hoal inna grownd, an teh animable (e.g. awks r dawnkee) sumwun els oanz falz in, goez "Blargh" an dyz,

teh kitteh hoo oanz teh hoal muss pay 4 teh ded critter.  EZ rool too rembembur.

Iff mail moocows fite an wun dies, sell teh winner and splitt teh shekels, chop upp loozer an boath ownrz eet.  Nom nom nom.

undefined

If u take my cow or sheep and kil it or sell it, can i has 5 cow heads r 4 sheep? thx.

If u brake in my house and i killz u, i is no error,

unless its morning. Then i is error. U must pay me bak, unless u haz no cookiez, then i sell u.

If u still haz my animal, u be giv me 2.

If ur cowz eat my grass, can i haz more grass?

If u start a fire, giv me cookies.

If i lend my frend cookies, the n00b who stealz mah cookies will pay back double.

If i no find teh n00b, i check if my frehnd didn't eat mah cookies.

If we both be say "these be mah cookies," teh almighteh judges decide.

If mah cookies magicly disapeer after i gives them 2 u,

then u must sware to Ceiling Cat that u no ate them.

But if u DID ate them, can i has more cookies?

If a wild animalz ate mah cookies, proof it.

If mah cookies i lent u die when i isnt looking, gimme more cookies.

If i is there, then u no pay. If u hire mah cookies, then wut u paid makes meh happy.

If d00d seckses da verginz datz no gonna be marreedz, an iz leik PENIS GOES WHERE?, d00d must giev cheezburgers to herz an maek her hiz wief.

But ifz her dadz leik NO WAI, d00d gotta giev him cheezeburgerz enuff dat dey be ekwalz to teh cost dat verginz has.  Or him can giev dad monies.  But cheezburgerz betterz.

U no let teh witches liev!  Srsly!

anyone hoo has seksual relashuns wif an animal must be put 2 death.

whoevr sacrificez 2 any ceilin cat othr than teh lord must be destroyd.

do not mistreat an alien or oppres him, 4 u wuz aliens in egypt.

do not taek advantage ov widow or an orfan.

if u do an they cry out 2 me, im gonna certainly hear their cry.

mah angr will be arousd, an im gonna kill u wif teh sword; ur wivez will become widows an ur children fatherles.

If u lend money 2 wan ov mah peeps among u hoo iz needy, do not be liek moneylendr; charge him no interest.

if u taek ur neighbors cloak as pledge, return it 2 him by sunset,

cuz his cloak iz teh only coverin he has 4 his body. wut else will he sleep in? when he criez out 2 me, im gonna hear, 4 im compashunate.

Do not blasfeme ceilin cat [f] or curse teh rulr ov ur peeps.

do not hold bak offerings frum ur granariez or ur vats. U must gimie teh firstborn ov ur sons.

Do teh same wif ur kattle an ur sheep. let them stay wif their mothers 4 7 dais, but giv them 2 me on teh eighth dai.

undefined

U no b lyin! dat is for dogs. Speakin of dogs, U no help them

U dont do somfing jus cause all teh other kittehs do.

An don't be extra nice to kittehs just cause they got no cheezburgers

If U finds sumbody's cheezburger, gives it bak

An if u find teh buket, takes it bak to lolrus, even tho he don laik u

Ickle kittehs need cheezburgers 2!

U no use lazor eyes if they no deserve it

U no take cheezburgers for bribes.

U no use lazor eyes on strangers

U maik cheezburgers 4 six years

Then u no have cheezburgers in sevefnt year

6 dayz do werk, but den iz caturday when do no werk - ur petz, maidz, and nayburs. u prolly be too hungover newais

No want to hear u talkin to other ceiling cats!! DO NOT WANT!!

U have 3 partaiz a yearjust for ceiling cat

Teh first 1 is teh day ov pizza. U eat pizza all week til i sais stop.

Teh number two iz teh day ov catnips. U go craiizy til i sais stop. teh last 1 iz day ov CHEEZBURGERS. it will b known as supercaturday

U NO MISS MAI PARTIEZ!!~@!

U no bring ceiling cat cold cheezburgers. no want. only fresh

U gives teh bests stuffs to teh Ceiling Cat. U no can haz cheezburgr.

Ceiling cat sed "okai I sends u an angelkitteh to show what to do

U no piss off teh angelkitteh cause he won't hesitate to uze his lazor eyes. Srsly.

Ifn u no piss angelkitteh off, he iz kitteh ov mass destrucshunz

Angelkitteh will lazor eyes all the lolruses,lolpugs,lolsquirrels and lolhamsters that be in ur waiz

U no listen to Wall Cats or Ninja Cats or Diabetus. Only Ceiling Cat.

Bow before ceiling cat and i will bring u cheezburgers and beer

1 up! now u hais 10 lifez!

Angelkitteh go in dark closet first

All teh other guys be like OH NOES!

An teh other guys run ways.

Pwnage. srsly.

Ceiling cat gived u all teh house from teh puter keyboard to teh warm spot in front of teh fridgerator and fromz teh litterbocks to teh kittehdoor

U no talk to wallcats. No want.

undefined

den he sed 2 mosez, "come up 2 teh lord, u an aaron, nadab an abihu, an seventy ov teh elders ov israel. u r 2 worship at distance,

but mosez alone iz 2 approach teh lord; teh others must not come near. an teh peeps cud not come up wif him."

when mosez went an told teh peeps all teh lordz werdz an laws, they respondd wif wan voice, "evrythin teh lord has sed we will do."

mosez den wrote down evrythin teh lord had sed.  He got up early teh next mornin an built an altar at teh foot ov teh mountain an set up twelve stone pillars representin teh twelve tribez ov israel.

den he sent young israelite doodz, an they offerd burnt offerings an sacrificd young bulls as fellowship offerings [a] 2 teh lord.

mosez took half ov teh blood an put it in bowls, an teh othr half he sprinkld on teh altar.

den he took teh book ov teh covenant an read it 2 teh peeps. they respondd, "we will do evrythin teh lord has sed; we will obey."

mosez den took teh blood, sprinkld it on teh peeps an sed, "dis ar teh teh blood ov teh covenant dat teh lord has made wif u in accordance wif all thees werdz."

mosez an aaron, nadab an abihu, an teh seventy elders ov israel went up

an saw teh ceilin cat ov israel. undr his feet wuz somethin liek pavement made ov sapfire, clear as teh sky itself.

but ceilin cat did not raize his hand against thees leaders ov teh israelitez; they saw ceilin cat, an they eatd an drank.

teh lord sed 2 mosez, "come up 2 me on teh mountain an stay her, an im gonna giv u teh tablets ov stone, wif teh law an commandz i has written 4 their instrucshun."

den mosez set out wif joshua his aide, an mosez went up on teh mountain ov ceilin cat.

he sed 2 teh elders, "wait her 4 us til we come bak 2 u. aaron an hur r wif u, an anyone involvd in dispute can go 2 them."

when mosez went up on teh mountain, teh cloud coverd it,

an teh glory ov teh lord settld on mount sinai. 4 6 dais teh cloud coverd teh mountain, an on teh seventh dai teh lord calld 2 mosez frum within teh cloud.

2 teh israelitez teh glory ov teh lord lookd liek consumin fire on top ov teh mountain.

undefined

Oh hai. So. TopCat saied to mozus

"tell ur doodz i wantz cheezburgers. you getz dem from evry kitteh you knowz

OH an u getz me blingz. gold and silvrz

OH an i can has yarn for playingz??"

an teh Topcat demanded skinz ov seacows (no jokez)

pluz sum perfumz

an mabey sum a dem pretty jools

tehn TopcaT saiz make sanctuaryz 4 him

an dooz it zactly how he saiz!

"U maikz a bocks out ov wood. wif ur tules n stuff. U good at taht rite?

tehn u coverz it wif blingz. I lieks blingz

now maikz ringz for poelz soz u can carrie it. (iz sure not gonna do it)

maek sure teh poelz aer gold too!

u can carriez it now

an doant taek teh poelz out now (u might poeks ur eyez)

now put teh testimoniez in

okai now u maeks a top 4 it.

an put two wingCatz on both siedz

put dem facin each otehr leik tehys playing chess or soemtin

maek tehy'r wingz big and prettie k?

an doant forgit to put teh cover on teh top ov teh bocks. iz teh whole point.

wehn u get done i gives moer structions. kthnxbai

mak table ov acacia wood—2 cubits long, cubit wide an cubit an half high.

overlay it wif pure gold an mak gold moldin around it.

also mak around it rim handbreadth wide an put gold moldin on teh rim.

mak 4 gold rings 4 da table an fasten them 2 teh 4 corners, wer teh 4 legs r.

teh rings r 2 be close 2 teh rim 2 hold teh polez usd in carryin teh table.

mak teh polez ov acacia wood, overlay them wif gold an carry teh table wif them.

an mak itz platez an dishez ov pure gold, as well as itz pitchers an bowls 4 da pourin out ov offerings.

put teh bread ov teh presence on dis table 2 be before me at all tiems.

mak lampstand ov pure gold. hammr out itz base an shaft, an mak itz flowerlike cups, budz an blosoms ov wan piece wif them.

6 branchez r 2 extend frum teh sidez ov teh lampstand—3 on wan side an 3 on teh othr.

3 cups shapd liek almond flowers wif budz an blosoms r 2 be on wan branch, 3 on teh next branch, an teh same 4 all 6 branchez extendin frum teh lampstand.

an on teh lampstand thar r 2 be 4 cups shapd liek almond flowers wif budz an blosoms.

wan bud shall be undr teh furst pair ov branchez extendin frum teh lampstand, second bud undr teh second pair, an third bud undr teh third pair—6 branchez in all.

teh budz an branchez shall all be ov wan piece wif teh lampstand, hammerd out ov pure gold.

"den mak itz 7 lamps an set them up on it so dat they light teh space in frunt ov it.

itz wick trimmers an trays r 2 be ov pure gold.

talent ov pure gold iz 2 be usd 4 da lampstand an all thees accesoriez.

undefined

"mak teh tabernacle wif 10 curtains ov finely twistd linen an blu, purple an scarlet yarn, wif cherubim werkd into them by skilld hanz.

all teh curtains r 2 be teh same size—twenty-8 cubits long an 4 cubits wide. [a]

join 5 ov teh curtains togethr, an do teh same wif teh othr 5.

mak loops ov blu material along teh edge ov teh end curtain in wan set, an do teh same wif teh end curtain in da othr set.

mak fifty loops on wan curtain an fifty loops on teh end curtain ov teh othr set, wif teh loops opposiet each othr.

den mak fifty gold clasps an use them 2 fasten teh curtains togethr so dat teh tabernacle iz unit.

"mak curtains ov goat hair 4 da tent ovar teh tabernacle—eleven altogethr.

all eleven curtains r 2 be teh same size—thirty cubits long an 4 cubits wide. [b]

join 5 ov teh curtains togethr into wan set an teh othr 6 into anothr set. fold teh sixth curtain double at teh frunt ov teh tent.

mak fifty loops along teh edge ov teh end curtain in wan set an also along teh edge ov teh end curtain in da othr set.

den mak fifty bronze clasps an put them in da loops 2 fasten teh tent togethr as unit.

as 4 da addishunal length ov teh tent curtains, teh half curtain dat iz left ovar iz 2 hang down at teh rear ov teh tabernacle.

teh tent curtains will be cubit [c] longr on both sidez; wut iz left will hang ovar teh sidez ov teh tabernacle so as 2 covr it.

mak 4 da tent coverin ov ram skins dyd red, an ovar dat coverin ov teh othr durable leathr. [d]

"mak upright framez ov acacia wood 4 da tabernacle.

each frame iz 2 be 10 cubits long an cubit an half wide, [e]

wif 2 projecshuns set parallel 2 each othr. mak all teh framez ov teh tabernacle in dis wai.

mak twenty framez 4 da south side ov teh tabernacle

an mak forty silvr basez 2 go undr them—2 basez 4 each frame, wan undr each projecshun.

4 da othr side, teh north side ov teh tabernacle, mak twenty framez

an forty silvr basez—2 undr each frame.

mak 6 framez 4 da far end, dat iz, teh west end ov teh tabernacle,

an mak 2 framez 4 da corners at teh far end.

at thees 2 corners they must be double frum teh bottom all teh wai 2 teh top an fittd into single ring; both shall be liek dat.

so thar will be 8 framez an sixteen silvr basez—2 undr each frame.

"also mak crosbars ov acacia wood: 5 4 da framez on wan side ov teh tabernacle,

5 4 dose on teh othr side, an 5 4 da framez on teh west, at teh far end ov teh tabernacle.

teh sentr crosbar iz 2 extend frum end 2 end at teh middle ov teh framez.

overlay teh framez wif gold an mak gold rings 2 hold teh crosbars. also overlay teh crosbars wif gold.

"set up teh tabernacle accordin 2 teh plan shown u on teh mountain.

"mak curtain ov blu, purple an scarlet yarn an finely twistd linen, wif cherubim werkd into it by skilld hanz.

hang it wif gold hookz on 4 posts ov acacia wood overlaid wif gold an standin on 4 silvr basez.

hang teh curtain frum teh clasps an place teh ark ov teh covenant law behind teh curtain. teh curtain will separate teh holy place frum teh most holy place.

put teh atonement covr on teh ark ov teh covenant law in da most holy place.

place teh table outside teh curtain on teh north side ov teh tabernacle an put teh lampstand opposiet it on teh south side.

"4 da entrance 2 teh tent mak curtain ov blu, purple an scarlet yarn an finely twistd linen—teh werk ov an embroiderr.

undefined

"Build sumin square, mebbe an acacia wod alter, idk just a sugestion. It haz to be three cubitz hi, five cubitz long, fiev cubitz wide. DO IT NAO.

Nd make an horns at ech of teh four cornerz, so taht teh hornz an teh altr r one hole ting, u dig? Put sum bronz on it, i liek bronz. Shiney.

Make sum utensils, bronz to. Liek i sed, bronz is gud. U mite wanna maek an pot, shuvel, bouls, meat forcs (to eat teh cheezburgers, duh) an firepanz. Idk just a sugestion. But u kno u haf to do it, right?

Then make sum gratingz, a bronze interweb, and four bronze (u kno i liek teh bronz) rings at teh four corners of teh interwebz.

Put it undernethe teh ledg of teh altr so itz up teh altr jst halfway. U kno, fifty percent. Not teh fourty nine percentz, fifti. Ima check if u did it rite, if u dint i wil unleshe mi firey rath up on u. U wont hav no mor cheezburgers after that, u wont.

Put sum bronz on teh acasia to. I LIEK BRONZ, K.

Maek it so that teh long sticks r gona go into teh rings, they'll be on too sidez of teh alter when ur slavez r carryin it up teh mountainz. Ur to lazy to do it so u'll probbly axk somone else to do it. Iv been watchn u, i kno how u is. U dun deserv no cheezburgers.

MAKED IT HOLOW.

Then u might wana maek a cortyard for teh tabernuhcle, or liek tent thingeh. I tlk weird, dunt I lol. Teh side over in teh south'll be liek a hunderd cubitz long lol and hav teh linen curtans. Linen iz soft. Ceiling Cat lieks teh linens.

An yu want liek twenty posts nd twenty BRONZ basses wit silvr huks! Liek Captain Huk lol arrr matey.

Teh northz side shuld be a hunderd cubitz long wid mo' curtans wit teh bronz baeses again. An teh huks. An teh bandz.

Fi'ty cubitz shuld be teh west side, kays.

Saem for teh east end towrds teh sunrize taht looks liek a ranebow cheezburger.

Curtans fifteen cubitz long shold be at teh entrance, wit three posts and baeses

and curtans fifteen cubitz long on teh other sied. Wit three posts an three basses. Lol u tink this is so much instrucsions, but its not rly. I'm lieing but w/e man.

Lulz kay. For teh entranse to teh cortyard of majicks, provied a curtan agen lol. Wear ar u gonna get all these curtans? Anywaiz, teh curtin shuld be liek twenty cubitz long nd it shuld hav all these colorz! Liek blu, purpel, scarlt. Colrfull. Moar posts nd basses too, lulz.

All teh posts around teh cortyard shuld get sum bands nd huks nd basses.

Thee cortyard shal be a hunderd cubitz long nd fifty cubitz wied wit curtans of linen fiev cubitz hi wit bronz (so many bronz) basez.

Lulz an hear's teh gud part. Lisen up. LISEN UP. I COMAND U. All of teh stuf used in teh tabernuhcle shuld be BRONZ. LOL BRONZ. Gud stuf.

So liek tell teh Isrelitez to get u sum olive oil. Its not for cuking, dun worry, i kno u cuk rly bad.

undefined

"has aaron ur brothr brought 2 u frum among teh israelitez, along wif his sons nadab an abihu, eleazar an ithamar, so they cud serve me as priests.

mak sacrd garments 4 ur brothr aaron 2 giv him dignity an honor.

tell all teh skilld werkers 2 whom i has given wisdom in such matters dat they r 2 mak garments 4 aaron, 4 his consecrashun, so he cud serve me as priest.

thees r teh garments they r 2 mak: boobpiece, an efod, robe, woven tunic, turban an sash. they r 2 mak thees sacrd garments 4 ur brothr aaron an his sons, so they cud serve me as priests.

has them use gold, an blu, purple an scarlet yarn, an fine linen.

"mak teh efod ov gold, an ov blu, purple an scarlet yarn, an ov finely twistd linen—teh werk ov skilld hanz.

it 2 has 2 shouldr piecez attachd 2 2 ov itz corners, so it can be fastend.

itz skillfully woven waistband iz 2 be liek it—ov wan piece wif teh efod an made wif gold, an wif blu, purple an scarlet yarn, an wif finely twistd linen.

"taek 2 onyx stonez an engrave on them teh namez ov teh sons ov israel

in da ordr ov their birf—6 namez on wan stone an teh remainin 6 on teh othr.

engrave teh namez ov teh sons ov israel on teh 2 stonez teh wai gem cuttr engravez seal. den mount teh stonez in gold filigree settings

an fasten them on teh shouldr piecez ov teh efod as memorial stonez 4 da sons ov israel. aaron iz 2 bear teh namez on his shoulders as memorial before teh lord.

mak gold filigree settings 14 an 2 braidd chains ov pure gold, liek rope, an attach teh chains 2 teh settings.

undefined

"fashion boobpiece 4 makin decishuns—teh werk ov skilld hanz. mak it liek teh efod: ov gold, an ov blu, purple an scarlet yarn, an ov finely twistd linen.

it 2 be square—a span [a] long an span wide—an foldd double.

den mount 4 rows ov preshus stonez on it. teh furst row shall be carnelian, chrysolite an beryl;

teh second row shall be turquoize, lapis lazuli an emerald;

teh third row shall be jacinth, agate an amethyst;

teh fourth row shall be topaz, onyx an jaspr. [b] mount them in gold filigree settings.

thar r 2 be twelve stonez, wan 4 each ov teh namez ov teh sons ov israel, each engravd liek seal wif teh naym ov wan ov teh twelve tribez.

"4 da boobpiece mak braidd chains ov pure gold, liek rope.

mak 2 gold rings 4 it an fasten them 2 2 corners ov teh boobpiece.

fasten teh 2 gold chains 2 teh rings at teh corners ov teh boobpiece,

an teh othr endz ov teh chains 2 teh 2 settings, attachin them 2 teh shouldr piecez ov teh efod at teh frunt.

mak 2 gold rings an attach them 2 teh othr 2 corners ov teh boobpiece on teh inside edge next 2 teh efod.

mak 2 moar gold rings an attach them 2 teh bottom ov teh shouldr piecez on teh frunt ov teh efod, close 2 teh seam jus aboov teh waistband ov teh efod.

teh rings ov teh boobpiece r 2 be tid 2 teh rings ov teh efod wif blu cord, connectin it 2 teh waistband, so dat teh boobpiece will not swin out frum teh efod.

"whenevr aaron enters teh holy place, he will bear teh namez ov teh sons ov israel ovar his hart on teh boobpiece ov decishun as continuin memorial before teh lord.

also put teh urim an teh thummim in da boobpiece, so they cud be ovar aarons hart whenevr he enters teh presence ov teh lord. thus aaron will always bear teh meanz ov makin decishuns 4 da israelitez ovar his hart before teh lord.

"mak teh robe ov teh efod entirely ov blu cloth,

wif an openin 4 da head in itz sentr. thar shall be woven edge liek collar [c] around dis openin, so dat it will not tear.

mak pomegranatez ov blu, purple an scarlet yarn around teh hem ov teh robe, wif gold bells tween them.

teh gold bells an teh pomegranatez r 2 alternate around teh hem ov teh robe.

aaron must wear it when he ministers. teh sound ov teh bells will be herd when he enters teh holy place before teh lord an when he comez out, so dat he will not dye.

"mak plate ov pure gold an engrave on it as on seal: holy 2 teh lord.

fasten blu cord 2 it 2 attach it 2 teh turban; it 2 be on teh frunt ov teh turban.

it will be on aarons forehead, an he will bear teh guilt involvd in da sacrd gifts teh israelitez consecrate, whatevr their gifts cud be. it will be on aarons forehead continually so dat they will be acceptable 2 teh lord.

"weave teh tunic ov fine linen an mak teh turban ov fine linen. teh sash iz 2 be teh werk ov an embroiderr.

mak tunics, sashez an caps 4 aarons sons 2 giv them dignity an honor.

aftr u put thees clothez on ur brothr aaron an his sons, anoint an ordain them. consecrate them so they cud serve me as priests.

undefined

"dis ar teh wut u r 2 do 2 consecrate them, so they cud serve me as priests: taek young bull an 2 rams without defect.

an frum teh finest wheat flour mak round loavez without yeast, thick loavez without yeast an wif oliv oil mixd in, an thin loavez without yeast an brushd wif oliv oil.

put them in basket an present them in it—along wif teh bull an teh 2 rams.

den brin aaron an his sons 2 teh entrance 2 teh tent ov meetin an wash them wif watr.

taek teh garments an dres aaron wif teh tunic, teh robe ov teh efod, teh efod itself an teh boobpiece. fasten teh efod on him by itz skillfully woven waistband.

put teh turban on his head an attach teh sacrd emblem 2 teh turban.

taek teh anointin oil an anoint him by pourin it on his head.

brin his sons an dres them in tunics

an fasten caps on them. den tie sashez on aaron an his sons. [a] teh priesthood iz theirs by lastin ordinance. den u shall ordain aaron an his sons.

"brin teh bull 2 teh frunt ov teh tent ov meetin, an aaron an his sons shall lay their hanz on itz head.

slaughtr it in da lordz presence at teh entrance 2 teh tent ov meetin.

taek sum ov teh bulls blood an put it on teh horns ov teh altar wif ur fingr, an pour out teh rest ov it at teh base ov teh altar.

den taek all teh fat on teh internal organz, teh coverin ov teh livr, an both kidneys wif teh fat on them, an burn them on teh altar.

but burn teh bulls flesh an itz hide an itz intestinez outside teh camp. it be sin offerin. [b]

"taek wan ov teh rams, an aaron an his sons shall lay their hanz on itz head.

slaughtr it an taek teh blood an splash it against teh sidez ov teh altar.

cut teh ram into piecez an wash teh internal organz an teh legs, puttin them wif teh head an teh othr piecez.

den burn teh entire ram on teh altar. it be burnt offerin 2 teh lord, pleasin aroma, fud offerin presentd 2 teh lord.

"taek teh othr ram, an aaron an his sons shall lay their hanz on itz head.

slaughtr it, taek sum ov itz blood an put it on teh lobez ov teh rite ears ov aaron an his sons, on teh thumbs ov their rite hanz, an on teh hooj toez ov their rite feet. den splash blood against teh sidez ov teh altar.

an taek sum ov teh blood on teh altar an sum ov teh anointin oil an sprinkle it on aaron an his garments an on his sons an their garments. den he an his sons an their garments will be consecratd.

"taek frum dis ram teh fat, teh fat tail, teh fat on teh internal organz, teh coverin ov teh livr, both kidneys wif teh fat on them, an teh rite thigh. (dis ar teh teh ram 4 da ordinashun.)

frum teh basket ov bread made without yeast, which iz before teh lord, taek wan round loaf, wan thick loaf wif oliv oil mixd in, an wan thin loaf.

put all thees in da hanz ov aaron an his sons an has them wave them before teh lord as wave offerin.

den taek them frum their hanz an burn them on teh altar along wif teh burnt offerin 4 pleasin aroma 2 teh lord, fud offerin presentd 2 teh lord.

aftr u taek teh boob ov teh ram 4 aarons ordinashun, wave it before teh lord as wave offerin, an it will be ur share.

"consecrate dose parts ov teh ordinashun ram dat belong 2 aaron an his sons: teh boob dat wuz wavd an teh thigh dat wuz presentd.

dis ar teh always 2 be teh regular share frum teh israelitez 4 aaron an his sons. it teh contribushun teh israelitez r 2 mak 2 teh lord frum their fellowship offerings.

"aarons sacrd garments will belong 2 his descendants so dat they can be anointd an ordaind in them.

teh son hoo succeedz him as priest an comez 2 teh tent ov meetin 2 ministr in da holy place iz 2 wear them 7 dais.

"taek teh ram 4 da ordinashun an cook teh meat in sacrd place.

at teh entrance 2 teh tent ov meetin, aaron an his sons r 2 eat teh meat ov teh ram an teh bread dat iz in da basket.

they r 2 eat thees offerings by which atonement wuz made 4 their ordinashun an consecrashun. but no wan else cud eat them, cuz they r sacrd.

an if any ov teh meat ov teh ordinashun ram or any bread iz left ovar till mornin, burn it up. it must not be eaten, cuz it sacrd.

"do 4 aaron an his sons evrythin i has commandd u, takin 7 dais 2 ordain them.

sacrifice bull each dai as sin offerin 2 mak atonement. purify teh altar by makin atonement 4 it, an anoint it 2 consecrate it.

4 7 dais mak atonement 4 da altar an consecrate it. den teh altar will be most holy, an whatevr touchez it will be holy.

"dis ar teh wut u r 2 offr on teh altar regularly each dai: 2 lambs yer old.

offr wan in da mornin an teh othr at twilight.

wif teh furst lamb offr tenth ov an efah [c] ov teh finest flour mixd wif quartr ov hin [d] ov oil frum presd olivez, an quartr ov hin ov wine as drink offerin.

sacrifice teh othr lamb at twilight wif teh same grain offerin an itz drink offerin as in da mornin—a pleasin aroma, fud offerin presentd 2 teh lord.

"4 da generashuns 2 come dis burnt offerin iz 2 be made regularly at teh entrance 2 teh tent ov meetin before teh lord. thar im gonna meet u an speek 2 u;

thar also im gonna meet wif teh israelitez, an teh place will be consecratd by mah glory.

"so im gonna consecrate teh tent ov meetin an teh altar an will consecrate aaron an his sons 2 serve me as priests.

den im gonna dwell among teh israelitez an be their ceilin cat.

undefined

"mak an altar ov acacia wood 4 burnin incense.

it 2 be square, cubit long an cubit wide, an 2 cubits high [a]—itz horns ov wan piece wif it.

overlay teh top an all teh sidez an teh horns wif pure gold, an mak gold moldin around it.

mak 2 gold rings 4 da altar below teh moldin—2 on each ov teh opposiet sidez—2 hold teh polez usd 2 carry it.

mak teh polez ov acacia wood an overlay them wif gold.

put teh altar in frunt ov teh curtain dat shieldz teh ark ov teh covenant law—before teh atonement covr dat iz ovar teh tablets ov teh covenant law—wer im gonna meet wif u.

"aaron must burn fragrant incense on teh altar evry mornin when he tendz teh lamps.

he must burn incense again when he litez teh lamps at twilight so incense will burn regularly before teh lord 4 da generashuns 2 come.

do not offr on dis altar any othr incense or any burnt offerin or grain offerin, an do not pour drink offerin on it.

once yer aaron shall mak atonement on itz horns. dis annual atonement must be made wif teh blood ov teh atonin sin offerin [b] 4 da generashuns 2 come. it most holy 2 teh lord."

den teh lord sed 2 mosez,

"when u taek census ov teh israelitez 2 count them, each wan must pai teh lord ranzom 4 his life at teh tiem he iz countd. den no plague will come on them when u numbr them.

each wan hoo crosez ovar 2 dose already countd iz 2 giv half shekel, [c] accordin 2 teh sanctuary shekel, which weighs twenty gerahs. dis half shekel iz an offerin 2 teh lord.

all hoo cros ovar, dose twenty yeers old or moar, r 2 giv an offerin 2 teh lord.

teh rich r not 2 giv moar than half shekel an teh poor r not 2 giv les when u mak teh offerin 2 teh lord 2 atone 4 ur livez.

receiv teh atonement money frum teh israelitez an use it 4 da service ov teh tent ov meetin. it will be memorial 4 da israelitez before teh lord, makin atonement 4 ur livez."

den teh lord sed 2 mosez,

"mak bronze basin, wif itz bronze stand, 4 washin. place it tween teh tent ov meetin an teh altar, an put watr in it.

aaron an his sons r 2 wash their hanz an feet wif watr frum it.

whenevr they entr teh tent ov meetin, they shall wash wif watr so dat they will not dye. also, when they approach teh altar 2 ministr by presentin fud offerin 2 teh lord,

they shall wash their hanz an feet so dat they will not dye. dis ar teh 2 be lastin ordinance 4 aaron an his descendants 4 da generashuns 2 come."

den teh lord sed 2 mosez,

"taek teh followin fine spicez: 500 shekels [d] ov liquid myrrh, half as mutch (dat iz, 250 shekels) ov fragrant cinnamon, 250 shekels [e] ov fragrant calamus,

500 shekels ov casia—all accordin 2 teh sanctuary shekel—an hin [f] ov oliv oil.

mak thees into sacrd anointin oil, fragrant blend, teh werk ov perfumr. it will be teh sacrd anointin oil.

den use it 2 anoint teh tent ov meetin, teh ark ov teh covenant law,

teh table an all itz articlez, teh lampstand an itz accesoriez, teh altar ov incense,

teh altar ov burnt offerin an all itz utensils, an teh basin wif itz stand.

u shall consecrate them so they will be most holy, an whatevr touchez them will be holy.

"anoint aaron an his sons an consecrate them so they cud serve me as priests.

say 2 teh israelitez, dis ar teh 2 be mah sacrd anointin oil 4 da generashuns 2 come.

do not pour it on anyone elsez body an do not mak any othr oil usin teh same formula. it sacrd, an u r 2 considr it sacrd.

whoevr makez perfume liek it an puts it on anyone othr than priest must be cut off frum their peeps. "

den teh lord sed 2 mosez, "taek fragrant spicez—gum resin, onycha an galbanum—an pure frankincense, all in equal amounts,

an mak fragrant blend ov incense, teh werk ov perfumr. it 2 be saltd an pure an sacrd.

grind sum ov it 2 powdr an place it in frunt ov teh ark ov teh covenant law in da tent ov meetin, wer im gonna meet wif u. it shall be most holy 2 u.

do not mak any incense wif dis formula 4 yourselvez; considr it holy 2 teh lord.

undefined

Ceiling Cat sayed to Moses

"Lookz, I dun sayed to Bezalel, son uv Uri, son uv Hur of teh tribe uv Judah, "O hai!"

an I putz invisible ceiling cat in him, an smartz to do all stuff

laik playin' with teh shinies

an with teh rox and teh ded trees

an he an Elihav teh son uv Achisamach will do tings I laiks

an dey will makes teh mtg tent an teh box uv teh lawz an its cuverin an all its baskits

an teh tabul an its baskits, an teh pur lamp an its baskits, an teh lolcatnip tabul

an teh tabul for givin cheezburgrz to Ceiling Cat

an plus teh clotheses, Aaron's priest stuff and his kidz clotheses when tehy act lik priests,

an teh catnip and air feshnerz for the mtg tent. Tehy hav to do it lik i tol u."

Plus Ceiling Cat also sayed to Moses,

"Tell tehm Israelites, 'O hai gaiz! U gotz 2 watch out 4 teh Caturday. Iz mai way of reminding u an ur kidz who iz bosscat.

" 'No srsly, watch out 4 teh Caturday, iz importen. NE1 what uses it lik litter box gotta be pwned 2 deth; just nap tehn or get put out teh house.

Play with shinies 4 siks daze, but teh sebbenth is Caturday, importen to Ceiling Cat. Nap or get pwned 2 deth, lik I just sayed.

U an ur kidz gonna keep this Caturday rule from now on.

Tellin U agin, iz mai way of remindin u who iz bosscat, cuz i made teh ceiling and teh house in siks days, but then i napped.' "

undefined

when teh peeps saw dat mosez wuz so long in comin down frum teh mountain, they gatherd around aaron an sed, "come, mak us godz [a] hoo will go before us. as 4 dis fellow mosez hoo brought us up out ov egypt, we doan knoe wut has happend 2 him."

aaron anzwerd them, "taek off da gold earrings dat ur wivez, ur sons an ur daughters r wearin, an brin them 2 me."

so all teh peeps took off their earrings an brought them 2 aaron.

he took wut they handd him an made it into an idol cast in da shape ov calf, dat bebeh moocow, fashionin it wif tool. den they sed, "thees r ur godz, [b] israel, hoo brought u up out ov egypt."

when aaron seed dis, he builted an altar in frunt ov teh calf an announcd, "2morrow thar will be festival 2 teh lord."

so teh next dai teh peeps rose early an sacrificd burnded offerinz an presentd fellowship offerings. den they sat down 2 eat an drink an got up 2 indulge in revelry.

den teh lord sed 2 mosez, "go down, cuz ur peeps, whom u brought up out ov egypt, has become corrupt.

they has been quick 2 turn away frum wut i commandd them an has made themselvez an idle cast in da shape ov calf. they has bowd down 2 it an sacrificd 2 it an has sed, thees r ur godz, israel, hoo brought u up out ov egypt.

"i has seen thees peeps," teh lord sed 2 mosez, "an they r stiff-neckd peeps.

nao leef me alone so dat mah angr cud burn against them an dat i cud pwn them. den im gonna mak u into great nashun."

but mosez sought teh favor ov teh lord his ceilin cat. "lord," he sed, "y shud ur angr burn against ur peeps, whom u brung out ov egypt wif great powr an mighty hand?

y shud teh egyptianz say, it wuz wif evil intent dat he brought them out, 2 kill them in da mountains an 2 wipe them off da face ov teh earth? turn frum ur fierce angr; relent an do not brin disastr on ur peeps.

remembr ur servants abraham, isaac an israel, 2 whom u swore by ur own self: im gonna mak ur descendants as numerous as teh stars in da sky an im gonna giv ur descendants all dis land i promisd them, an it will be their inheritance furevr."

den teh lord relentd an did not brin on his peeps teh disastr he had threatend.

mosez turnd an went down teh mountain wif teh 2 tablets ov teh covenant law in his hanz. they wuz inscribd on both sidez, frunt an bak.

teh tablets wuz teh werk ov ceilin cat; teh writin wuz teh writin ov ceilin cat, engravd on teh tablets.

when joshua herd teh noize ov teh peeps shoutin, he sed 2 mosez, "thar iz teh sound ov war in da camp."

mosez replid:  "it not teh sound ov victory, it not teh sound ov defeat; it teh sound ov singin dat i hear."

when mosez approachd teh camp an saw teh calf an teh dancin, he wuz liek OMFG! WTF!??! an he threw teh tablets out ov his hanz, breakin them 2 piecez at teh foot ov teh mountain.

an he took teh calf they had made an Pwnd it in da fire; den he ground it 2 powdr, scatterd it on teh watr an made teh israelitez drink it.

he sed 2 aaron, "wut wrong wit u? Wut teh peepz do so u do liek dis an be all soopr bad nstuff?"

"dun be mad, moe!" aaron anzwerd. "u knoe how stooped thez peeps cn b wif teh eevl n stuff.

they sed 2 me, mak us fake ceiling catz hoo will go before us. as 4 dis guy mosez hoo brought us up out ov egypt, we doan knoe wut happend 2 him or wer he wen.

so i was liek, gimme ur goald blingz! den they gaev me teh goald, an i threw it into teh fire, an POOF! out came dis moocow! WOA!!"

mosez saw dat teh peeps wuz all crazei cuz aaron didn care wut they did n they maid teh baddies go ROFLCOPTER!

so he stood at teh entrance 2 teh camp an sed, "EVERY1 dat's wif teh Ceiling Cat, cummere wit me! Srsly." an all teh levitez goaded 2 him.

den he sed 2 them, "dis ar teh wut teh lord, teh ceilin cat ov israel, sez: all u guyz wif me cum and get ur lazer eyes an pwn all teh peeps hoo r doin all dis badness. DUN MISS NE1!! SRSLY! NOT COOL!!1!"

teh levitez did as mosez commandd, an dat dai bout 3 thousand peeps dyde frum teh lazors.

den mosez sed, "u has been set apart 2 teh lord todai, 4 u wuz against ur own sons an brothers, an he has cheezbrgrd u dis dai."

teh next dai mosez sed 2 teh peeps, "u has committd super epic failz. but nao im gonna go up 2 teh lord; mebbeh i cn sai sorrey so for 2 maek him not so mad an no kill evry1."

so mosez went bak 2 teh lord an sed, "OMFG, deez peeps so stoopid! they has made themselvez godz ov gold.

but nao, plz forgiv their sin—but if not, den blot me out ov teh book u has written."

teh ceiling cat replid 2 mosez, "evr1 hu dun stuped no iz gun be in mai book no moar.

nao go, lead teh peeps 2 teh place i spoke ov, an mah angelcat will go before u. howevr, when teh tiem comez 4 me 2 punish, im gonna punish them 4 their sin."

undefined

An teh Ceiling Cat sez unto Moses, Shoo! an skat, yo an yo budz hu came from hiz Hood, unto the hood wat I handz to Abe, Zak and Jakey-boi sai – ur base r belong to u an tehy.

An I iz gun sendin Angels an stuf b4 urselfs; an I is shooin Cataanites, teh Amorites an such. All of tehy ebil fules.

To a land flowin wiv milk an Cheezburgr an stuf: I wunt put teh Cat amung teh pidgins; coz uz all aholes: I mite p0wn thous all by like teh axident.

An wen teh peeps heered teh ebilness, tehy did catterwall: an no Cat did bling hisself up.

An Ceiling Cat dun sez at Moses, sai to ur peeps, ur all aholes: Iz gunna pop caps in yo azzez, an eat ur cheezburgrs an stuf: unbling urselfs, so I can no ur fates.

An teh peeps did unbling tehyselfs on a hill or such.

An moses taked teh tabbynacle, an did erect (lulz) it awai from teh peeps an did call tehy all unto it or stuf.  An all tehy lukin 4 teh Ceiling Cat went at teh Big Tent thingy.

an whenevr mosez went out 2 teh tent, all teh peeps rose an stood at teh entrancez 2 their tents, watchin mosez til he enterd teh tent.

as mosez went into teh tent, teh pillar ov cloud wud come down an stay at teh entrance, while teh lord spoke wif mosez.

whenevr teh peeps saw teh pillar ov cloud standin at teh entrance 2 teh tent, they all stood an worshipd at teh entrancez 2 their tents.

teh lord wud speek 2 mosez face 2 face, as wan speakz 2 frend. den mosez wud return 2 teh camp, but his young aide joshua son ov nun did not leef teh tent.

mosez sed 2 teh lord, "u has been tellin me, lead thees peeps, but u has not let me knoe whom u will send wif me. u has sed, i knoe u by naym an u has findz favor wif me.

if u r pleezd wif me, teach me ur ways so i cud knoe u an continue 2 find favor wif u. remembr dat dis nashun iz ur peeps."

teh lord replid, "mah presence will go wif u, an im gonna giv u rest."

den mosez sed 2 him, "if ur presence doez not go wif us, do not send us up frum her.

how will anyone knoe dat u r pleezd wif me an wif ur peeps unles u go wif us? wut else will distinguish me an ur peeps frum all teh othr peeps on teh face ov teh earth?"

an teh lord sed 2 mosez, "im gonna do teh vry ting u has askd, cuz im pleezd wif u an i knoe u by naym."

den mosez sed, "nao show me ur glory."

an teh lord sed, "im gonna cause all mah goodnes 2 pas in frunt ov u, an im gonna proclaim mah naym, teh lord, in ur presence. im gonna has mercy on whom im gonna has mercy, an im gonna has compashun on whom im gonna has compashun.

but," he sed, "u cant c mah face, 4 no wan cud c me an liv."

den teh lord sed, "thar iz place near me wer u cud stand on rawk.

when mah glory pasez by, im gonna put u in cleft in da rawk an covr u wif mah hand til i has pasd by.

undefined

An Ceiling Cat say 'Mosus, I be too lazyz to be rytin on stownz so yooz hamerz my wordz on da stownz'.

In morningz prezentz yourselfz to Ceiling Cat on topz the litter mount. But if I asleepz den juss keep prezenting.

An let nonez be coming along tu, an no flockz or herdz can eatz befor Ceiling Cat eatsez.

Mosus cut stownz an brung dem in hiz pawz in da morningz up da litter mount.

Ceiling Cat got dere ina clowd and meowed hiz own name reel lowd.

He floated in fronta Mosus meowin, "Ceiling Cat is nice, slow ta growl, gives lotsa cheezburgerz,

chillz out and duzzint sweat da bad stuff. But, he gives da lazer eye to bad peeps kittenz, litter after litter. Watch yer bak!

Mosez bowd 2 teh ground at once an worshipd.

"lord," he sed, "if i has findz favor in ur eyez, den let teh lord go wif us. although dis ar teh stiff-neckd peeps, forgiv r wickednes an r sin, an taek us as ur inheritance."

Den teh lord sed: "im makin covenant wif u. before all ur peeps im gonna do wonders nevr before dun in any nashun in all teh wurld. teh peeps u liv among will c how awsum iz teh werk dat i, teh lord, will do 4 u.

obey wut i command u todai. im gonna driv out before u teh amoritez, canaanitez, hittitez, perizzitez, hivitez an jebusiets.

be careful not 2 mak treaty wif dose hoo liv in da land wer u r goin, or dey will be snare among u.

brek down der altrs, smash der sacrd stonez an cut down der asherah polez. [a]

do nt worship aneh othr ceilin cat, 4 da lord, whose naym iz jealous, iz jealous ceilin cat.

"Be carful not 2 mak treateh wif dose hoo liv in da land; 4 when dey prostitute themselvez 2 der godz an sacrifice 2 dem, they will invite u an u will eat their sacrificez.

an when u choose sum ov their daughters as wivez 4 ur sons an dose daughters prostitute themselvez 2 their godz, they will lead ur sons 2 do teh same.

"Do not mak any idols.

"Selabraet teh festivul ov unlevnd bread. 4 7 dais eat bread made without yeast, as i commandd u. do dis at teh appointd tiem in da month ov aviv, 4 in dat month u came out ov egypt.

"Teh furst offsprin ov evry womb belongs 2 me, includin all teh firstborn malez ov ur livestock, whethr frum herd or flock.

redeem teh firstborn donkey wif lamb, but if u do not redeem it, break itz neck. redeem all ur firstborn sons. no wan iz 2 appear before me empty-handd.

"Siks dais u shall labor, but on teh sevnth dai u shall rest; even durin teh plowin season an harvest u must rest.

"Selabraet teh festivul ov weekz wif teh firstfruits ov teh wheat harvest, an teh festival ov ingatherin at teh turn ov teh yer. [b]

3 tiems yer all ur doodz r 2 appear before teh sovereign lord, teh ceilin cat ov israel.

im gonna driv out nashuns before u an enlarge ur territory, an no wan will covet ur land when u go up 3 tiems each yer 2 appear before teh lord ur ceilin cat.

"Do not offr teh blood ov sacrifice 2 me along wif anythin containin yeast, an do not let any ov teh sacrifice frum teh pasovr festival remain til mornin.

"Brin teh best ov teh firstfruits ov ur soil 2 teh houz ov teh lord ur ceilin cat. do not cook young goat in itz mommys milk."

Den teh lord sed 2 mosez, "rite down thees werdz, 4 in accordance wif thees werdz i has made covenant wif u an wif israel."

mosez wuz thar wif teh lord forty dais an forty nitez without eatin bread or drinkin watr. an he wrote on teh tablets teh werdz ov teh covenant—teh 10 commandments.

When mosez came down from teh mounten with teh bof roks dat he writed teh law on, he din knoa dat his fais wz all shiniey and WHOA! cuz he ben hangin' wit teh Ceilin Cat.

so wen aaron an all teh peeps saw mosus, his face was all supa glowey! an they wer liek, WTF?? DO NOT WANT!!1 for 2 b close to Mo.

But moesz wuz liek "O Hai!"; so aaron n all teh bosscats came back to him, and he talkd to dem.

after dat all teh izreelites cumed close to him, and he gived them all teh roolz n stuff teh Ceilingcat had given him on mownt syniey.

aftr mosus wuz dun, he hid insied paper bag for to hied his shiney face.

But whenever he hung wit teh ceiling cat an to speak with him, he removed teh bag until he came out. And when he came out and told the Israelites what he had been commanded,

undefined

mosez assembld teh whole israelite community an sed 2 them, "thees r teh things teh lord has commandd u 2 do:

4 6 dais, werk iz 2 be dun, but teh seventh dai shall be ur holy dai, dai ov sabbath rest 2 teh lord. whoevr doez any werk on it 2 be put 2 death.

do not light fire in any ov ur dwellings on teh sabbath dai."

mosez sed 2 teh whole israelite community, "dis ar teh wut teh lord has commandd:

frum wut u has, taek an offerin 4 da lord. evryone hoo iz willin iz 2 brin 2 teh lord an offerin ov gold, silvr an bronze;

blu, purple an scarlet yarn an fine linen; goat hair;

ram skins dyd red an anothr durable leathr [a]; acacia wood;

oliv oil 4 da light; spicez 4 da anointin oil an 4 da fragrant incense;

an onyx stonez an othr gems 2 be mountd on teh efod an boobpiece.

all hoo r skilld among u r 2 come an mak evrythin teh lord has commandd:

teh tabernacle wif itz tent an itz coverin, clasps, framez, crosbars, posts an basez;

teh ark wif itz polez an teh atonement covr an teh curtain dat shieldz it;

teh table wif itz polez an all itz articlez an teh bread ov teh presence;

teh lampstand dat iz 4 light wif itz accesoriez, lamps an oil 4 da light;

teh altar ov incense wif itz polez, teh anointin oil an teh fragrant incense; teh curtain 4 da doorway at teh entrance 2 teh tabernacle;

teh altar ov burnt offerin wif itz bronze gratin, itz polez an all itz utensils; teh bronze basin wif itz stand;

teh curtains ov teh courtyard wif itz posts an basez, an teh curtain 4 da entrance 2 teh courtyard;

teh tent pegs 4 da tabernacle an 4 da courtyard, an their ropez;

teh woven garments worn 4 ministerin in da sanctuary—both teh sacrd garments 4 aaron teh priest an teh garments 4 his sons when they serve as priests."

den teh whole israelite community withdrew frum mosez presence,

an evryone hoo wuz willin an whose hart movd them came an brought an offerin 2 teh lord 4 da werk on teh tent ov meetin, 4 all itz service, an 4 da sacrd garments.

all hoo wuz willin, doodz an women alike, came an brought gold jewelry ov all kindz: broochez, earrings, rings an ornaments. they all presentd their gold as wave offerin 2 teh lord.

evryone hoo had blu, purple or scarlet yarn or fine linen, or goat hair, ram skins dyd red or teh othr durable leathr brought them.

dose presentin an offerin ov silvr or bronze brought it as an offerin 2 teh lord, an evryone hoo had acacia wood 4 any part ov teh werk brought it.

evry skilld woman spun wif her hanz an brought wut she had spun—blu, purple or scarlet yarn or fine linen.

an all teh women hoo wuz willin an had teh skill spun teh goat hair.

teh leaders brought onyx stonez an othr gems 2 be mountd on teh efod an boobpiece.

they also brought spicez an oliv oil 4 da light an 4 da anointin oil an 4 da fragrant incense.

all teh israelite doodz an women hoo wuz willin brought 2 teh lord freewill offerings 4 all teh werk teh lord thru mosez had commandd them 2 do.

den mosez sed 2 teh israelitez, "c, teh lord has chosen bezalel son ov uri, teh son ov hur, ov teh tribe ov judah,

an he has filld him wif teh spirit ov ceilin cat, wif wisdom, wif understandin, wif knowledge an wif all kindz ov skills—

2 mak artistic designs 4 werk in gold, silvr an bronze,

2 cut an set stonez, 2 werk in wood an 2 engage in all kindz ov artistic crafts.

an he has given both him an oholiab son ov ahisamak, ov teh tribe ov dan, teh ability 2 teach others.

undefined

So bezalel, oholiab an evry skilld person 2 whom teh lord has giaven skill an ability 2 knoe how 2 carry out all teh werk ov constructin teh sanctuary r 2 do teh werk jus as teh lord has commandd."

den mosez summond bezalel an oholiab an evry skilld person 2 whom teh lord had given ability an hoo wuz willin 2 come an do teh werk.

they receivd frum mosez all teh offerings teh israelitez had brought 2 carry out teh werk ov constructin teh sanctuary. an teh peeps continud 2 brin freewill offerings mornin aftr mornin.

so all teh skilld werkers hoo wuz doin all teh werk on teh sanctuary left wut they wuz doin

an sed 2 mosez, "teh peeps r bringin moar than enough 4 doin teh werk teh lord commandd 2 be dun."

den mosez gaev an ordr an they sent dis werd throughout teh camp: "no man or woman iz 2 mak anythin else as an offerin 4 da sanctuary." an so teh peeps wuz restraind frum bringin moar,

cuz wut they already had wuz moar than enough 2 do all teh werk.

all dose hoo wuz skilld among teh werkers made teh tabernacle wif 10 curtains ov finely twistd linen an blu, purple an scarlet yarn, wif cherubim werkd into them by expert hanz.

all teh curtains wuz teh same size—twenty-8 cubits long an 4 cubits wide. [a]

they joind 5 ov teh curtains togethr an did teh same wif teh othr 5.

den they made loops ov blu material along teh edge ov teh end curtain in wan set, an teh same wuz dun wif teh end curtain in da othr set.

they also made fifty loops on wan curtain an fifty loops on teh end curtain ov teh othr set, wif teh loops opposiet each othr.

den they made fifty gold clasps an usd them 2 fasten teh 2 sets ov curtains togethr so dat teh tabernacle wuz unit.

they made curtains ov goat hair 4 da tent ovar teh tabernacle—eleven altogethr.

all eleven curtains wuz teh same size—thirty cubits long an 4 cubits wide. [b]

they joind 5 ov teh curtains into wan set an teh othr 6 into anothr set.

den they made fifty loops along teh edge ov teh end curtain in wan set an also along teh edge ov teh end curtain in da othr set.

they made fifty bronze clasps 2 fasten teh tent togethr as unit.

den they made 4 da tent coverin ov ram skins dyd red, an ovar dat coverin ov teh othr durable leathr. [c]

they made upright framez ov acacia wood 4 da tabernacle.

each frame wuz 10 cubits long an cubit an half wide, [d]

wif 2 projecshuns set parallel 2 each othr. they made all teh framez ov teh tabernacle in dis wai.

they made twenty framez 4 da south side ov teh tabernacle

an made forty silvr basez 2 go undr them—2 basez 4 each frame, wan undr each projecshun.

4 da othr side, teh north side ov teh tabernacle, they made twenty framez

an forty silvr basez—2 undr each frame.

they made 6 framez 4 da far end, dat iz, teh west end ov teh tabernacle,

an 2 framez wuz made 4 da corners ov teh tabernacle at teh far end.

at thees 2 corners teh framez wuz double frum teh bottom all teh wai 2 teh top an fittd into single ring; both wuz made alike.

so thar wuz 8 framez an sixteen silvr basez—2 undr each frame.

they also made crosbars ov acacia wood: 5 4 da framez on wan side ov teh tabernacle,

5 4 dose on teh othr side, an 5 4 da framez on teh west, at teh far end ov teh tabernacle.

they made teh sentr crosbar so dat it extendd frum end 2 end at teh middle ov teh framez.

they overlaid teh framez wif gold an made gold rings 2 hold teh crosbars. they also overlaid teh crosbars wif gold.

they made teh curtain ov blu, purple an scarlet yarn an finely twistd linen, wif cherubim werkd into it by expert hanz.

they made 4 posts ov acacia wood 4 it an overlaid them wif gold. they made gold hookz 4 them an cast their 4 silvr basez.

4 da entrance 2 teh tent they made curtain ov blu, purple an scarlet yarn an finely twistd linen—teh werk ov an embroiderr;

undefined

Bezalel maded speshul woodbox dis big

an covrd it wif gold

an maded rings onit

an stix covrd wif gold

sos dey can cary da box wifout touchin it.

He maeked covr wif gold.

Den he maeked tu statoos ov anjels owt ov gold on teh covr.

He maeked teh anjels on teh ends; an dey wer part ov teh covr.

Dey had der wings spred ovr teh covr. Dey wer fasin eech uddr, lookin at teh covr.

Dey maeked teh tabel owt ov wood.

Den dey put gold on it.

Dey also maeked a rim. It wuz gold tu.

Dey put foar gold rings on teh tabel at teh cornrz, wer teh legz wuz.

Dey wuz close tu teh rim for teh poals fr carreein teh tabel.

Teh poals wuz maekd ov wood an gold.

An den dey maeke plaets an stufs owt ov gold tu. LOLZ. Wai dey liek gold so much? Prolly 4 teh shineyz!

Dey maeked teh litestand owt ov gold tu, an it wuz wun pees.

Der wuz six branchs coeming frum teh siedz.

Tree cups liek flowrz wer on eech branch.

An der wuz foar ov dem wif budz on teh litestand.

Teh budz wuz undr eech paer ov branchs.

Dey wuz gold tu. Srsly.

Dey maekd teh lites owt ov gold tu.

An evryfing wuz gold.

Dey maekd teh altr owt ov wood. It wuz scwar, an teh hornz wer in teh saem pees ov wood.

Den dey put gold on it.

Dey maekd tu gold ringz tu hold teh poalz fr carreeing.

Dey maekd teh poalz owt ov wood. Den dey put gold on dem.

undefined

Tehy maed teh alturz wif woodz, an it wuz tree cyoobitz up, an fiev cyoobitz longz, an fiev cyoobitz wied.  (O, btw, wutz a cyoobit?!)

An at teh cornurz dey maed hornz, an dey putz brons on teh alturz.

An all teh stuffz wuz maed of brons.  Teh potz an teh shovulz an teh bowlz an teh forkz an teh nivez an teh spoonz an teh sporkz wuz brons.

An dey maed gratingz foar sied of teh alturz.

An dey maed brons ringz foar holding teh poelz foar teh gratingz.

An teh poalz wuz woodz, liek teh alturz, an dere wuz brons on dem.

An dey putz teh poalz in teh ringz foar caryingz teh alturz.  An teh alturz wuz hollo.

An dey maed teh bowlz foar teh washinz owt of brons.

Den tehy biltz teh cortyardz.  Teh souf wuz a hunnerd cyoobitz an hadz curtinz,

An dere wuz postz an dey wuz awsum.

An teh norf wuz a hunnerd cyoobitz too, but dere wuznt curtinz.

Teh westz wuz fifti cyoobitz an hadz curtinz an awsum postz.

An teh estz wuz fifti cyoobitz too.

On teh leftz of teh dor dere wuz curtinz an dey wuz fiftin cyoobitz an dere wuz tre awsum postz,

An on teh ritz of teh dor dere wuz curtinz an dey wuz fiftin cyoobitz an dere wuz tre awsum postz.

An all teh curtinz wuz maed frum linenz.

An teh postz wuz maed frum brons an silvurz.

An teh curtinz foar teh dor wuz blu yarnz an purpl yarnz an red yarnz an linunz an wuz twenny cyoobitz long an wuz fiev cyoobitz up,

An dere wuz foar potz liek teh restz.

An all teh nalz wuz brons.

Teh tabernaculz wuz maed wif dis stuff.  O, an der wuz Testimoneez in teh Taburnacul, an teh Levitz rote dem cuz Moses sed so.  An Ithamar teh sunz of Aaron helpd.  An Aaron iz teh preest.\

O, btw, dis Bezul gai maed all teh stuff Ceilin Cat telld Moses to maek

An Oholib wuz dere an he wuz awsum sewer gai.

Newai, teh goldz dey uzd wuz liek wun tunz of goldz.

An teh silvurz tehy uzd wuz liek foar tunz of silvurz,

bcuz everwun gaev dem a littul bitz.

Dey uzd mostz of teh silvurz foar teh basez foar teh postz an teh curtinz,

An dey uzd liek fifti powndz foar teh hukz foar teh postz.

An teh brons tehy uzd wuz liek fiev thowzund powndz of brons.

Tehy uzd it to maek basz foar teh Meetingz Cowch an teh alturz an teh gratingz an teh altur stuff,

undefined

Frum teh bloo, poorpel n' red yarn dey maded weavd clothez fer dems to ware wehn deys talkin bout ceiling cat in teh sanctooary. Dey  maded dems fer Aaron to, cuz ceiling cat sez so to Moses.

Dey maded teh effod frums gold, an teh samez yarn as teh weavd clothez, an teh effods has twistd linenz to.

Dey hamerd teh gold sheetz an cut it so teh effods can has teh gold workd into it — Lulz, teh werk iz hard; Givez dem moar cheezburger, srsly.

Dey maded shudlr peeses for teh effod, dey wuz atachd to two of itz cornerz, so deyz cud fassen it.

itz skillfully woven waistband wuz liek it—ov wan piece wif teh efod an made wif gold, an wif blu, purple an scarlet yarn, an wif finely twistd linen, as teh lord commandd mosez.

they mountd teh onyx stonez in gold filigree settings an engravd them liek seal wif teh namez ov teh sons ov israel.

den they fastend them on teh shouldr piecez ov teh efod as memorial stonez 4 da sons ov israel, as teh lord commandd mosez.

they fashiond teh boobpiece—teh werk ov skilld craftsman. they made it liek teh efod: ov gold, an ov blu, purple an scarlet yarn, an ov finely twistd linen.

it wuz square—a span [b] long an span wide—an foldd double.

den they mountd 4 rows ov preshus stonez on it. teh furst row wuz carnelian, chrysolite an beryl;

teh second row wuz turquoize, lapis lazuli an emerald;

teh third row wuz jacinth, agate an amethyst;

teh fourth row wuz topaz, onyx an jaspr. [c] they wuz mountd in gold filigree settings.

thar wuz twelve stonez, wan 4 each ov teh namez ov teh sons ov israel, each engravd liek seal wif teh naym ov wan ov teh twelve tribez.

4 da boobpiece they made braidd chains ov pure gold, liek rope.

they made 2 gold filigree settings an 2 gold rings, an fastend teh rings 2 2 ov teh corners ov teh boobpiece.

they fastend teh 2 gold chains 2 teh rings at teh corners ov teh boobpiece,

an teh othr endz ov teh chains 2 teh 2 settings, attachin them 2 teh shouldr piecez ov teh efod at teh frunt.

they made 2 gold rings an attachd them 2 teh othr 2 corners ov teh boobpiece on teh inside edge next 2 teh efod.

den they made 2 moar gold rings an attachd them 2 teh bottom ov teh shouldr piecez on teh frunt ov teh efod, close 2 teh seam jus aboov teh waistband ov teh efod.

they tid teh rings ov teh boobpiece 2 teh rings ov teh efod wif blu cord, connectin it 2 teh waistband so dat teh boobpiece wud not swin out frum teh efod—as teh lord commandd mosez.

they made teh robe ov teh efod entirely ov blu cloth—teh werk ov weavr—

wif an openin in da sentr ov teh robe liek teh openin ov collar, [d] an band around dis openin, so dat it wud not tear.

they made pomegranatez ov blu, purple an scarlet yarn an finely twistd linen around teh hem ov teh robe.

an they made bells ov pure gold an attachd them around teh hem tween teh pomegranatez.

teh bells an pomegranatez alternatd around teh hem ov teh robe 2 be worn 4 ministerin, as teh lord commandd mosez.

4 aaron an his sons, they made tunics ov fine linen—teh werk ov weavr—

an teh turban ov fine linen, teh linen caps an teh undergarments ov finely twistd linen.

teh sash wuz ov finely twistd linen an blu, purple an scarlet yarn—teh werk ov an embroiderr—as teh lord commandd mosez.

they made teh plate, teh sacrd emblem, out ov pure gold an engravd on it, liek an inscripshun on seal: holy 2 teh lord.

den they fastend blu cord 2 it 2 attach it 2 teh turban, as teh lord commandd mosez.

so all teh werk on teh tabernacle, teh tent ov meetin, wuz completd. teh israelitez did evrythin jus as teh lord commandd mosez.

33 den they brought teh tabernacle 2 mosez: teh tent an all itz furnishings, itz clasps, framez, crosbars, posts an basez;

teh coverin ov ram skins dyd red an teh coverin ov anothr durable leathr [e] an teh shieldin curtain;

teh ark ov teh covenant law wif itz polez an teh atonement covr;

teh table wif all itz articlez an teh bread ov teh presence;

teh pure gold lampstand wif itz row ov lamps an all itz accesoriez, an teh oil 4 da light;

teh gold altar, teh anointin oil, teh fragrant incense, an teh curtain 4 da entrance 2 teh tent;

teh bronze altar wif itz bronze gratin, itz polez an all itz utensils; teh basin wif itz stand;

teh curtains ov teh courtyard wif itz posts an basez, an teh curtain 4 da entrance 2 teh courtyard; teh ropez an tent pegs 4 da courtyard; all teh furnishings 4 da tabernacle, teh tent ov meetin;

an teh woven garments worn 4 ministerin in da sanctuary, both teh sacrd garments 4 aaron teh priest an teh garments 4 his sons when servin as priests.

teh israelitez had dun all teh werk jus as teh lord had commandd mosez.

undefined

And teh Ceiling Cat came to Moses an sez

Teh firrst month, teh firrst day of teh month, you make a tabernacle of teh testimony kthankx

An den yew put teh ark in it and teh veil before

An den I can has you put in a table and some rite things. And den yew lite sum candles, for prettiness

And hang teh testimony, ova sum gold an incense so I looks bling and smells pretty

An den yew add an alter to teh holocaust

Put water in betweens for mi pet crocodiles

Den yew hang more stuff. Ceiling Cat is hard to pleaz

Den add oil! Ceiling Cat loves teh oilz

Did I menshion I haz a holocaust alter?

Oilz make shit holy, put sum on teh altars feet kthanx.

Go gets Aaron and his cru and wash them!

Then givez them clothes coz no-one wants yew to look at their nekkidness. Then they be priests!

An den M0ses did all dat coz he is a n00b

He set about workin on itz

He set up sum sockets coz he had amazing electric p0werz

He put on a roof to show he woz not such a n00b

when mosez set up teh tabernacle, he put teh basez in place, erectd teh framez, insertd teh crosbars an set up teh posts.

den he spread teh tent ovar teh tabernacle an put teh coverin ovar teh tent, as teh lord commandd him.

he took teh tablets ov teh covenant law an placd them in da ark, attachd teh polez 2 teh ark an put teh atonement covr ovar it.

den he brought teh ark into teh tabernacle an hung teh shieldin curtain an shieldd teh ark ov teh covenant law, as teh lord commandd him.

mosez placd teh table in da tent ov meetin on teh north side ov teh tabernacle outside teh curtain

an set out teh bread on it before teh lord, as teh lord commandd him.

he placd teh lampstand in da tent ov meetin opposiet teh table on teh south side ov teh tabernacle

an set up teh lamps before teh lord, as teh lord commandd him.

mosez placd teh gold altar in da tent ov meetin in frunt ov teh curtain

an burnd fragrant incense on it, as teh lord commandd him.

den he put up teh curtain at teh entrance 2 teh tabernacle.

he set teh altar ov burnt offerin near teh entrance 2 teh tabernacle, teh tent ov meetin, an offerd on it burnt offerings an grain offerings, as teh lord commandd him.

he placd teh basin tween teh tent ov meetin an teh altar an put watr in it 4 washin,

an mosez an aaron an his sons usd it 2 wash their hanz an feet.

they washd whenevr they enterd teh tent ov meetin or approachd teh altar, as teh lord commandd mosez.

den mosez set up teh courtyard around teh tabernacle an altar an put up teh curtain at teh entrance 2 teh courtyard. an so mosez finishd teh werk.

den teh cloud coverd teh tent ov meetin, an teh glory ov teh lord filld teh tabernacle.

mosez cud not entr teh tent ov meetin cuz teh cloud had settld on it, an teh glory ov teh lord filld teh tabernacle.

in all teh travels ov teh israelitez, whenevr teh cloud liftd frum aboov teh tabernacle, they wud set out;

but if teh cloud did not lift, they did not set out—til teh dai it liftd.

undefined

oh hai I is deutronomy and this is transcripshin of words mozes sed to ppl in the desert. k here they are:

first I tells u it is 11 days to go from horeb to kadesh cuz of sum montins. 4 sum reson u shud no this. k, now start 4 real:

On november 1st, 40, mozes was transl8n 4 ceiling cat, cuz ceiling cat wuz tellin ppl what 2 do

k wait i forgot 2 tell u, but this is after mozes killed some kings that were making him angry. k, no moar intrupshins:

k wait again, btw they were in a place calld moab (sry). neway, mozes was tellin a story to sum ppl about his advencher with them. mayb they were forgetful, cuz they were there too, even I was there sept i forget so u need to listn to mozes instid, here he is, take it away mozes:

K, so it starts off when ceiling cat says u guys r on this meowntin 4 too long

so u can has jurnee and go a diffrint montin. Is called amorites. also u shud go to youfrates river. and even further. just gtfo the montin ffs.

k so here is a map, and u shud be thankful cuz I am tellin u about ur land. Is yours. Is ur land becuz remember when ceiling cat said ur fathers cud hav this land, so u can has.

Remembur when dat happend? ya, i was lik teh only 1 doin any werk at teh tym.

cept now ceilng cat was watchin u guyz do eech udder LOL so now dere is lots of u, so u can do teh werk

oh ya and ceilng cat was like LOL u guyz shud do it even moar when u get off teh montin.

i meen srsly i cant do all teh werk!

So u bring me smart doodz and i make dem ur rulerz so dat u can has govermint, and i will sez whether it is good or not.

and u were all: kthx

i maid u a govermint wit ur smart doods.

den i maid a supreem court and sez 2 be fare 2 everyone, not jus ur frends.

k sew i sez 2 be gud at juging. an' dun be cowrds, ceiling cat will protict u becuz relly he is juging u or sumting. neway if it is 2 hard u can just tell me and i will judg it 4 u.

so ya, remember dat tym i maid ur governmint? Dat was teh awesomez.

k so after i mad ur govermint then we went on the jurnee i was talkin about b4, cuz ceiling cat told us to. we went from horeb to kadesh (this is why i was talkin abut it b4, k so it tooks 11 days). it was prity scary. we went to mont kadesh. sry i forgot to say kadesh is in amorites. is same thing basicaly.

neway, i was like, 'ok we're here, and ceiling cat is giving u ur land. Yours.'

and i said 'ceiling cat says 'this is urs.' don't be scard.'

then u guys wer all 'ok so how r we going to go up the mowtin?' and like 'which cities can we ransack or whatever' and then u were all 'lets send out some guys to chek things out'

and i said is gud idea. so i got 12 of ur men fro ur tribs. k u guys proly remember this, but neway...

so they went up in the hills and cheked out the eschol vally.

they didnt find ne cities but they found sum frut and brot it back and said 'ceiling cat's idea was prety good chek it the frut we finded'

but then u guys were lazy and thought the montin was too big to clim, even tho i told u ceilng cat ordred u to go up.

and then u wined about how ceiling cat was trying to kill and u said the ppl in the amorits are going to kill us, that was ceiling cats plan all along. and u sed egypt was way bettr.

u said 'we cant go up, ther cities HUJE and they will kill us, speshilly becuz Anak ppl are ther.'

so I sed 'chill out and stop being pussies'

and I told u 'ceiling cat is going to fight too, just like when he fighted with u in egypt, remember?'

'and remember when on ur jurnee ceiling cat carried u guys down the montin ffs. i think he can handle this."

eksept u guys were all 'wait that didnt happen' and 'is he rly going to halp?' and u still didnt trust ceiling cat.

ceiling cat even finded u places to camp and stuf, I meen srsly, dont u remember?

Ya, but i bet u remembr what happend next: Ceiling cat got pissed off is what happend next.

he said "then no, u cant has land. Not Yours."

and he added 'eksept for Caleb who did what i sed.'

and then he sed even I cant has the land.

He tells me 'Joshua (is my assistant) can has land instead. Not yours.'

Ceiling cat sed though that 'ur kids can has the land tho...

...but u guys need to gtfo. hows about u tak ur jurnee to the red sea and mak like a tree and leev.'

Then u guys all chanjd ur mind and were all 'oh shit!! ok we can has fight now, ceiling cat, we r sory, srsly.'

But ceiling cat was all 'is too late. i is not acceptin ur apologies. if u go fight now u will be pwned cuz i not fightin with u'

and then lol and behold, u went up neway like a bunch of noobs

and then u were pwned just lik ceiling cat sed, and they chasd u off the montin (all the way from Seir to Hormah.)

then u came back and u cried. and u were all 'ceiling cat why u no help us?' but ceiling cat was lik 'duh, i told u i was not going 2 help u' and put u on ignore.

undefined

K then we turned n went out way frum home liek ceiling cat tole us 2.  We went round Mount Seir 4 dayz, cuz we wuz lost.

An Ceiling Cat talked 2 me, an he sez,

k, thatz enuff.  Go north,

u will sez hi to ur bros sonz o Esau n Seir; they will be fraidy u. So be careful!

Do not try to take their bukkit, I gave them that bukkit.

U can buy cheezburger, but u pay 4 it with a monies.

I is good ceiling cat 2 u; u can has cheezburger, wut, u want moer?

So we is good sonz o ceiling cat, we went by dem, sayin, hi bros.  An we went 2 Moab.

An Ceiling Cat sez 2 me, dem Moabites, don't bug 'em.  Iz ther bukkit, iz not yr bukkit.

(O ya btw there used 2 b Emites dere.

Emites wuz liek Anakites, dey wuz Rephaites, but Moabites called em Emites, so \/\/.

O an Horites wuz in Seir, but sonz o Esau be takin their bukkit, liek when Ceiling Cat gaev bukkit 2 Israelites.)

An Ceiling Cat sez, k now cross Zered Valley. So we duz that then.

An it wuz 38 yrs frum leavin Kadesh Barnea til we xed Zered Valley.  Liek Ceiling Cat sez, all fightin menz wuz ded!

All of em!

An when the last wun had deid,

Ceiling Cat sed, k,

Now goez 2 Moab.

dem Moabites, don't bug 'em.  Iz ther bukkit, iz not yr bukkit."

(That 2 was considered a land of teh Raphaites, who used 2 live there; butt teh Ammonites called them Zumzummites.

They were a peeps strong and numerous, and as tall as teh Anakites.  Teh LORD PWNED them from b4 teh teh Ammonites, who drove them out and settled in they're place.

Teh LORD had done teh same 4 teh descendants of Esau, who lived in Seir, when he PWNED teh Horites from b4 them.  They drove them out and have lived in they're place 2 this day.

And as 4 teh Avvites who lived in villages as far as Gaza, teh Caphtorites coming out from Caphtor PWNED them and settled in they're place.)

"Set out now and cross the Arnon Gorge.  k?  srsly.  Sea, I have given in to ur hand Sihon teh Amorite, king od Hesbon, m and his country.  Go over their and PWN him 4 me, k?  srsly.

Cuz then every1 is gonna be afraid of u."

From teh dessert of Kedemoth I sent messengers 2 Sihon king of Heshbon offerin' peace and saying

"Let's pass thru ur country.  We'll stay on teh main road; we'll not turn aside 2 teh right oar 2 teh left

Can I haz food and water???  Can I haz passage thru ur country???

Plz plz plz let us pass thru ur country, just like teh descendants of Esau, who live in Seir, and teh Moabites, who live in Ar, did 4 us.  Plz plz plz let us pass thru ur country so we can watch Crossing Jordan and gets 2 teh land witch teh LORD are God is givin' 2 us.  Plz?"

Butt Sihon king of Heshbon refused 2 let us pass thru.  4 teh LORD ur God had made his spirit stubborn and his heart obstinate inn order 2 give him in to ur hands, as he haz now done.

Teh LORD sayz 2 me, "Sea, I have be gun 2 deliver Sihon and hiz country over 2 u.  Now begin 2 PWN him now, plz?  srsly."

When Sihon and all his army came out to meet us in battle at Jahaz,

teh LORD are God delivered him ova 2 us and we PNWED him, and we PWNED his kittenz, and we PWNED his hole army!

We also PWNED teh townz, and we PWNED teh men, and PWNED teh women, and PWNED teh children, and we PWNED every1!

Butt teh livestock and teh plunder we did not PWN.  Instead, we carried it off 4 ourselvez.

From Aroer on teh rim of teh Arnon Gorge, and from teh town on teh gorge, even as far as Gilead, not one town did not get PWNED!  Every single town gots PWNED!

undefined

Nex we den tern up an ‘long tuh rode tord Bashan. An Og, keen uv Bashan, dun marshed to meets us thar wiff his hole armeh. We wuz meetin to fights, liek an epic battle liek strate outta warcraft twee or sumfin. O an we wuz meetin at a playse called Edrei or sumfin liek date.

Ennehweh, ceiling cat dun talked to meh an told meh dat ai shant be fraid uv heem cuz Ceiling Cat sed he gonna take all his armehs and him landz and gave dem to me, so it r liek wtf roflpwned for him cuz now ai is liek win wiffout losin any mah doods. Ceiling Cat dun kept talkin an sed dat ai shood dew to Og like he dun tuh keen sihon of teh Amorites.

So ceiling cat gived us Og’s armehs and stuff. We pwned doze newbs like it was t3h biznazz, they wuz all like lolwut.

We beated dem an den taekd he’s cities, there wuz bout 60 uv dem, we taekd dem all.

All doze cities had +9000 armor wiff high walls an big gates, prolly had sum cannons tew but I don’t member

Dey wuz epic pwnt, leik we pwns sihon and pwnz teh joomanz an the doggehs and all of demz and they sofaz.

But all dey cheezburgahz an dey sofaz an dey cookehs we has for us-selfz.

and we has teh joomanz pat us on the sofaz

(Dat sum kittahs is callun teh couch)

All teh sofaz and teh couchuz we iz havun an gettun patted on.

An der wuz dis big kitteh teh last big big kitteh of dem alls. An him iz has a supa big couch thas evun biggah than teh joomanz bedz by lots.

Of teh land that we took ova at teh time, I gave teh Reubinites and teh Gadites teh territory north of Aroer bye teh Arnon Gorge, including half of teh hill country of Gilead, to gether with it's townz.

Teh rest of Gilead and also all of Bashan, teh king dumb of Og, I gave 2 teh half tribe of Manasseh. (Teh hole region of Argob in Bashan used 2 b known as a land of teh Raphaites.

Jair, a descendant of Manasseh, took teh whole region of Argob as far as teh border of teh Gershurites and teh Maacathites; it waz named after him, so that 2 this day Bashaan is called Havvoth Jair (srsly.  Go search 4 it on Google Maps.))

And I gave Gilead 2 Makir.

Butt 2 teh Reubinites and teh Gadites I have teh territory extendin' from Gilead down 2 teh Arnon Gorge (teh middle of teh gorge being teh border) and out 2 teh Jabbok River, which is teh border of teh Ammonites.

It's western boarder was teh Jordan in teh Arabah, from Kinnereth  2 teh Salty Sea, b low teh slopes of Pisgah.

I commanded u at that time: "Teh LORD ur God has given u this land 2 take possession of it.  Butt all ur able-bodied men armed 4 battle, have gots 2 cross ova ahead of ur bro Israelites.

Butt, ur wivez, ur kittenz, and ur livestock (and I knowz u have lots of cowz!!!) may stay in teh townz I have given u

un till teh LORD gives rest 2 ur bros as he haz 2 u, and they 2 have taken ova teh land that teh LORD ur God is givin' them, a cross teh Jordan.  After that, each of u may go back 2 teh possession I have given u.

At that time I commanded Josh: "U have seen with ur own eyes all that teh LORD ur God haz done 2 these 2 kingz.  Teh LORD will do teh same 2 all teh kin dumbs ova their where u r going.

Don't be afraid of them; teh LORD ur God himself will fight 4 u!"

At that time I pleaded with teh LORD,

"O LORD, u have b gun 2 show 2 ur servant ur greatness and ur strong hand.  For what god is their in heaven or on Google Earth who can do teh deedz and mighty works u do?

Plz plz plz let me go ova and sea teh good land beyond teh Jordan - that fine hill country and Lebanon.  Plz?"

Butt cuz of u teh LORD waz angry with me and would not listen 2 me.  "That's enough!" teh LORD said.  "Don't speak 2 me any more 'bout this matter.

Go up 2 teh top of Pisgah and look west and north and south and east and northwest and southwest and southeast, and north by northwest and south by southea- oh u get the idea.

Butt commission Josh and encourage and strengthen him, 4 he will lead these peeps across and will cause them 2 inherit teh land that u will sea."

undefined

8 An wut othr hous iz so kewl as 2 has such awsum laws as mah laws I'm given ya todai?


Keep teh laws ov teh lord ur Ceilin Cat dat i giv u. no changin.

U saw wut teh Lord did at Baal Peor. Teh lord ur Ceilin Cat destroyd all hoo followd teh Baal ov Peor,

But all u hoo held fast 2 teh lord ur Ceilin Cat r still aliv todai, asidez Jim.

C, i has taught u laws as lord mah Ceilin Cat commandd me, so dat u cud follow them in da land u r enterin 2 taek posesshun ov it.

look carefully, 4 dis will show ur smarts 2 teh haus, hoo will hear bout all thees laws an say, "surely dis great haus iz wize an understandin peeps ayup."

undefined

Moses sez to all teh lolcats:  Dis is what teh Ceiling Cat sez

An he means what he sez 4 sure--

to all yez and not yer dadz cuz yer dadz is not here.

An Ceiling Cat sez it to u,

but I standz between u An Ceiling Cat cuz he gotz bad breath liek fire srsly lol.
Ceiling Cat sez:

Oh hai, I be Ceiling Cat who taked u from Ejjipt where u be petz and now u be petz no moar.

I teh only Ceiling Cat An u kno it.  I pwns u.

No makin statchoos

cuz statchoos r srsly bad shiznit and mebbe u like better than Ceiling Cat, and wen Ceiling Cat getz jellous he pwns 2 u and all ur kittehs 2 version 4; An no worshipin or bowin to statchoos srsly they is jus metal and stuffz and haz no catnipz 4 u.

but if u is gud An worships Ceiling Cat u can has cheezburgerz and cookiez n so ken all ur kittehs and their kittehs 2 version 1000.

Teh naem Ceiling Cat ROOT PASSWORD An if u messez with ROOT PASSWORD thatz bad srsly, k? An I will kno An all ur base belong to me.

An no workin on Caturday, k?

Weekdayz r 4 workin but not Caturday.

Caturday is day off 4 every 1!

Remember u wuz petz and had 2 work 4 ur masters but now u be petz no moar n don has to work no moar. So Caturday day 4 napz & baffin selfz wit tungz.

Honor ur momz An dadz or Ceiling Cat will pwn u & take away ur litter box and territoreh.

no killin n eatin other lolcats bcuz they be 2 stringy.

no PENIS GOES WHERE? unless wit ur mate. Rly.  Or she fix u again only this time she taek penis 2.

no takin cheezburgers An cookies that blong 2 uvver lolcats

no lyin (not napz, n00b!  U can taek teh napz). No lyin bout other lolcats.

no covetin anything belonging to other lolcats.  No covetin his mate or his cheezburgers or kittehs or moocows or broadband cxn kthxbye.

Dis iz wut teh Ceiling Cat sez rilly loud 2 all yes on teh big scratchin post out of teh fire, teh clowd, & teh hole in teh ceiling; & he sez nuttin else. Then he writed em on 3 big rokks & givez em 2 me, but i eated wun. sry.

Wen u hearded teh voice from teh ceiling wif teh big scratchin post all pwnt with laz0rs, all de big catz come 2 me

& sez, Ceiling Cat pwns & is teh k00lness & talkz wit laz0r & fire.  2day we seez that d00dz can survive speakin wit Ceiling Cat even tho Ceiling Cat can pwn us.

But if we hearz any moar, Ceiling Cat will burn & eat us. omfg.

We r srsly skeered  of teh Ceiling Cat.

U Moses, u go heer teh Ceiling Cat so he won't pwn us, mebbe he pwn u but not us bcuz we is skeered! Oh noes! U tell us wut he sez & we will heer & obey."

Ceiling Cat heared u & sez 2 me, "I heared teh d00dz & wut they sed wuz good.

Dey bettah be skeered uv me!  I pwn!  Srsly. & bcuz they skeered of me tehy will b gud & if tehy iz gud tehy & their kittehz can has cheezburgerz & cookiez lol.

Tell dem 2 go home

undefined

Theez r tha roolz of ceiling cat. statyuz and degreez tat Ceiling Cat, yur dood, DO WANT u to kno. u can obzerv in ur houze tat u haz too pas,

so yu, yur littr, an him littr, can haz feer Ceiling Cat (yur dood), can haz goodness allwayz, an fynalli can haz nine lifes.

Heer I, Izrail, bees karefull abowt da rules, so u can grows an praspurrrr. Allwayz remmbr to keep pramiss with Ceiling Cat, (ur faters dood), an i can haz cheezbrgrs.

Heer I, Izrail. Ceiling Cat is teh Ceiling Cat, Ceiling Cat alone!

Thuhs, u can lovez Ceiling Cat, wit ur hole bodies. An sool, an hart. An tale. An mussles! Srsly.

Put dis stuffz in ur harts, k?

Also can haz drillz, use them on yur littr. Allwayz be takion bout it, wethr visit or not, wethr nap or eatin.

Nayl em into ur rist, as sine. Can also haz pendants on hed.

Useing paynt, draw it on ur littr box, an sofas an stuffz. Srsly.

Wen Ceiling Cat, (yur dood, remmebrer), finally! givz u yur stuffz, an ur cheezburgers, tat he pramisseded yur foredaddys, yu can haz ur own roomz, wit cheezburgers almitey!

U will has housez filled wit catnip an other good stuff lyke taht, but u no build it. U also has wine plantz (cuz we all loves teh wine), but u no plant it. U are eatin teh cheezburger and u lyke it.

But Ceiling Cat DO NOT WANT taht u forget him (hes yure d00d afer al). He took u out of Egypt, teh place of slavery (which jest meens no cheezburgers).

Always has feer of Ceiling Cat and get him cheezburgers and promise it 2 him.

Dun folow da oder fake gods, like Ceiling Dawg or Ceiling Wabbit (hims tasty).

Cuz Ceiling Cat iz well jelus an dun liek yu if yu dun liek me bestest, an i fro fierbals at yu. Srsly.

Dun t3st hims Ceiling Cat liek yuse did a Messa, cu i am gud at t3sts an i wip al yu guyz buttz.

An yall better du as hims sez, cuz dey da rulz.

Dun care wut n-e-wun else finks, do wat makes hims a happycat. ur els. Ony den cans hims givs yuse da places wich hims told yure fourdaddys hims would.
19=Him gonna smush al da bad guys fur yuse. Dats wat Ceiling Cat dus.

undefined

Wens yuse gots da behbah kittehs an dey ask wy dey gots ta follow rulez an stuff,

tel dem ta mind der own bisnus. Ur tell dem dat yuse waz swaves of da Faro in da ejipt place, den Ceiling Cat used his mighty paw ta pik us up an takes us sumwere els.

Say dat him did lotsa bad stuff to da Faros houes.

Den him tookeded us an gav us da places him told yure foredaddys him wood.

undefined

Oh hai itz deuteronomy 7!!!112!1@ wen teh Ceiling Cat brings youz to a place an drivez out all teh other pplz who were der befor youz-

an wen teh Ceiling Cat haz given dem peepz to youz an you haz PWNED dem, den you must kill dem lolz. show dem no mercy from yer 1337 skillz.

dun git married to der chikz an dudez. dun giv yer childrenz to dem,

for dey will basikally make yer childrenz hate youz ad teh Ceiling Cat, and teh Ceiling Cat will be super-pizzed an will smite you wit his 1337 skillz.

ok so dis iz wut you do to dem peepz: basikally be leik ALL YER BASEZ ARE BELONG TO US and den deztroy everyting.

cuz you are loyal to teh Ceiling Cat. an teh Ceiling Cat luvz you.

teh Ceiling Cat din't chooze to love you cuz you had more skillz, cuz rlly you don't.

teh Ceiling Cat saved you from teh bad stuffz bcuz he lovez you.

teh Ceiling Cat iz prtty loyal not leik yer ex-gf or a prostitot.

an dose who h8 him he will basikally bitch slapz, real quik.

so dont be hatin on teh Ceiling Cat or else you will getz bitch slapped real quik.

so if you do dat, den teh Ceiling Cat will luvz you ferever.

he'll luv youz an blezz youz an give you lotz of womenz to have bbyz wit. an you'll have wine n bread n catnip n stufz.

basikally even yer animalz will have lotz of bbyz.

teh Ceiling Cat will be leik COLD MEDS an you'll never git sik. an all teh ppl who hate you will getz real sik.

you hazta kill all pplz dat aren't lovin' teh Ceiling Cat. or dey'll trap youz.

you might be leik "AHH DESE PPLZ HAZ MORE 1337 SKILLZ DEN US. WUT WE DOZ?"

but dunn be scareded: teh Ceiling Cat will help youz kill dem.

you rememberz how teh Ceiling Cat saved you from teh bad stuffz, wit teh glitz n glamour. he'll kill yer enemiez wit dat same glitz n glamour.

undefined

dun be scared bcuz i'm not even making dis up, teh Ceiling Cat iz "a great and awesome God". so giv him prpz fer dat.

teh Ceiling Cat will kill yer enemiez, maybe a bit slowz. he can't kill dem all at once, jeez.

but teh Ceiling Cat will give dem to youz, an you can do a lot of teh workz too.

teh Ceiling Cat will give you der 1337-est dudez, an you will wipe der names of teh highscore lists. you'll kill dem.

undefined

Teh r00lz what R srsly yu has to obeh, so yu can has cheezburgers, and teh buttsecks, and p0wn teh territoreh what Ceiling Cat said yur dadz can has.

So yu cant forget how Ceiling Cat led yuz 40 years in teh territoreh, 2 p0wn yu, skool yu, 2 noes what was in kittehs hed, if kitteh wud obeh or liek "oh noes!"

Ceiling Cat p0wnd yu, made kitteh hungry, but then OK wtf, you can has cheezburgers now, but yu and yur dadz r srsly n00bs about cheezburgers. Kitteh no want jus cheezburgers rly cawz Celing Cat make teh wordz for kittehs to live.

Kittehz cloths stay fresh, no does kittehz pawz hurt for liek, 40 yearz.

If dadz skool ther kittehz, so has Ceiling Cat skooled teh dadz.

Srsly,obeh teh r00lz of Ceiling Cat. kthx.

Cawz Ceiling Cat brings kitteh to a awesome territoreh with water and cookies and cheezburgers wut comez out of floor!

Teh territoreh has teh Scratchin posts, boobies, teh best threadz evah, brdbnd cxn; srsly.

In teh territoreh, kitteh can has ALL cheezburgers kitteh wants. omfg - kitteh can dig in teh litterz for toyz!

Kitteh no forget to say "OK thnx" to Ceiling Cat for teh cool landz.

Srsly kittehz - donut 4get Ceiling Cat and teh r00lz and moar r00lz!

Or when kitteh is full of teh cheezburgers and cookiez, and has nice kitteh housez;

And kitteh can has moar times moar of teh presentz from Ceiling Cat;

Then kittehz hartz be lifted up, and forgetz Ceiling Cat, what made kitteh come out of Ejiipt and now u be petz no moar;

Ceiling Cat led kitteh thru teh scary territorehs, wid teh poochez and teh fleas wut were on fire, and no drinkz for kitteh, but made drinkz from the litter.

Ceiling Cat gave kitteh teh cheezburgers, wut yur dadz donut has, to p0wn kitteh, so kitteh can do good l8r.

Kitteh can say I got this stuff from my magiks and strong pawz.

But srsly kitteh, donut forget Ceiling Cat; bcuz he gave kitteh teh magiks to get monies, that kitteh can sware to ther dadz, like today.

OK srsly kitteh. DONUT forget Ceiling Cat. If yu follow n00b Ceiling Cats and be worshipn them, omfg Ceiling Cat will p0wn you and no rezzing for real.

undefined

Den Ceiling Cat sez 2 me "d00d chop out 2 stonez liek teh 1st ones n com up wif me on teh mtn. Also make a wooded box, kthx.

I am gonna write on dem teh wordz dat wuz on teh 1st ones dat u broked (lozer). Then u put em in teh speshul Box, k?"

So I maked a ark out of acacia woodz n chopped out 2 stonez like teh 1st ones (mai bad) and went up on the mtn wif dem in mah handz.

Ceiling Cat wrote on dem whut he wrote b4, the 10 rulez he sed 2 u on teh mtn, out of the fire, when we got 2gether. And Ceiling Cat gave dem 2 me.

Den I came back down teh mtn n put teh stonez in teh speshul Box, like Celing Cat tolded me 2, n that's wherr they r nao.

Teh Israelitez traveled from teh bukkitz of teh Jaakenitz to Moserah. Ther Aaron got ded and wuz buried (*kry*)and Eleazar wuz teh n00b priest nao.

From there they traveled 2 Gudgodah and 2 Jotbathah, a land wif streemz of waterz.

Then Ceiling Cat sed teh Levitez can carry teh speshul Box wif teh Covnt of the Ceiling Cat and they cans standz b4 Ceiling Cat n serve cookiez n sez blessins n his name liek they still do 2day.

Thats why Levitez has no other cookiez wif teh brotherz; Ceiling Cat is their cookiez is whut he told them.

I stayed on teh mtn 40 dayz n nitez liek teh 1st tiem n Ceiling Cat lissened 2 me. He did not want 2 pwn u right nao.

"Gowai!" Ceiling Cat sed "n lead teh ppl on ther wai so they can has landz I tolded their dadz they can has."

O hay Israel. Whut does Ceiling Cat ask u except phear him n walk n his wayz n l0ff him n serv him wif all ur <3 n wif all ur soul

n 2 do whut teh Ceiling Cat sez whut I am tellin u 4 ur own good, kthx.

Cuz urth n teh hevns (all teh hevns) is Ceiling Cats, k?

But he l0ffed ur dadz n sed ur speshul moar den nebody else 2day.

So don't b jerks n b all stubbrn n stuff.

Cuz Ceiling Cat is teh Cat of catz n teh d00d of d00dz, teh big guy, mighty n awsum n he dont take bribez.

He is like superman 4 teh widow n teh orphns n he <3's teh illegals n gives him cookiez n clothez, 4 realz.

U r spose 2 l0ff teh illegalz 2 cuz u wuz illegalz n Egypt.

Phear Ceiling Cat n serv him. Hang on 2 him and swear n his name.

He iz ur praize n he is ur Cat whut did them awsum tricks that u saw wif ur eyez.

undefined

<3 teh CEILING CAT, da peeper of masturbationz, wit all ur <3, and keep his lawls and his commandzors 4eva.  Srsly.

Memberz tat ur kittens 2day was not teh ones who sawed and EXP-ed the Invisible Wrath of da CAT your pwn0rer (plz n00b): his hax, his mighty peeping eyez, his outstretched paw;

the cheezburgers he gived (but not eated himselfz) and teh things he dided in the <3 of Egyptz, both to Feline king of Egyptz and to his base;

wat he dided to the Egyptian d00dz, how he pwned them with teh watah of teh showerz as they was chasin' joo, and how teh CEILING CAT eated their cheezburgers 4eva n eva (AMEN PLZ)

It wered not ur kitties who sawed what he dided for joo in teh litter box 'til u comed to dis place,

and wat he dided to Dathan and Abiram, kittehs of Eliab the Reubenitez, when teh Urths opened its mouth in teh middlez of  Israel and eated them up (yumm), their litter boxz and all their cheezburgers. Srsly, it happen.

But it waz ur own eyez tat sawed all da cheezburgers Ceiling Cat gived.

Lookz at da commandzors I are commandin' you, so that joo may has da powah to go and take ova da bases tat you is crossing da Jordan to take (Ceiling Cat sez "Im in ur base killing you d00dz"),

An soz that you may live long-time in base of Ceiling Cat, a land flowing with meowmix an cheezburgers. Srsly.

Teh base you is being in to take ova is not like teh landz of Egyptz where you eated good kat-nip and fishies,

But teh base you are being in the Jordan to take ova is a base of mountainz and valleys tat drinkz runoff waterz from da ceiling. Iz good.

It are a base the CEILING CAT liekz; the watching eyez of the CEILING CAT  are always watching it, 'specially teh mastubatorz.

Eef uz obay CEILING CAT wit alls yourz 3>,

CEILING CAT wil give uz rainz, so u kan gro kropz,

and CEILING CAT wil give uz beefs, so u can haz cheezburgers all teh timez.

Watch yo selvz.  Der ist ownlee one CEILING CAT!

Srsly.  U can no has cheezburgers if uz dont respekt CEILING CAT.

Dont ferget thees shitz.

Tel ur childz not 2 ferget thees shitz aitherz.  Tel demz twoo tiemz a day.

Rite theez on ur dorz,

and u will has kittiez liek whoa.

If uz doo wat CEILING CAT sez,

Then CEILING CAT wil maek theirz bases belong to uz.

All teh base wil belong to uz: frum Lebanon, to teh river, to teh sea, all theez base wil belong to uz.

No ones can stop uz.  CEILING CAT wil skare their d00dz.

Today I givez u a cheezburger and a sqirt gunz:

Teh cheezburger eef u obayz CEILING CAT,:

Teh sqirt gun eef uz fuk CEILING CAT ovrz.  Srsly.:

wen teh ceiling cat giefs u cheezburgr, u r thnk ceiling cats niec gifz frm teh top ov muntin nd curz frm uva muntin tht is bad kthx? :

(muntins r neer wuttur n trez k?):

undefined

Dees are teh rulez joo gotta use n ceiling cats land:

Dem other nayshuns has playses where they be worshippin kittiez dat arent ur ceiling cat.  Joo gotta smash dem places, no matta if dey on teh mountenz or under teh trees.

Eated their altars, broked teh stones dey use to talk to teh other kitties, burn teh Asherah poles (even if joo doesn't know wtf an asherah powl is); teh fake kitteh statues gotta be smashed, and teh kittehs names gotta be erased too!

Joo bettah not be worshippin ceiling cat the way dey worshipped dem false kittehs.

Finds a place dat is gonna be ceiling cat's fayvrit and putted his name dere. Joo gotta goes to dat place;

bringz burnded stuffs for yer ceiling cat, he lieks teh presents, bring teh stuffs you said youd give him, and if yer moocows has babies, bring teh first babies they has.

Go there so ceiling cat can watch joo and ur fambly has ur cheezburgers and has happiness, cuz ceiling cat, he gived joo teh real cheezburgers.

Srsly dont be eatin all teh cheezbrgrs jus yet.

Cos u not yet at teh place Ceiling Cat sed u can has.

U gotta cross teh river Jordan first, den u can has cheezbrgrs n naps n Ceiling Cat will make ur enemies go awai.

O AND bringz all dem presents n cookies like Ceiling Cat sed too.

Then u can maik big partee for Ceiling Cat, n invite ur kittens n tomcatz n stuff too.

But be rememberin only to burnd stuff where Ceiling Cat sed n not jus any old place

Cos dats teh wai Ceiling Cat likez it

U can has nun cheezburger stufs ennywer.

but wiv nuh catsup, u no kep catsup, u thrw away teh sawz.

U no can eat cheezburger wich r 4 CEILING CAT u gief dem two him, promiz kthxbai.

u nd ur kids cn unly om nom nom nom cheezburger wen CEILING CAT is waching u masturbate nd wen u hapy.

shur wiv teh loldogz n mek sur dey can haz cheezburger two.

wen CEILING CAT giefs joo moar stufz, u can haz lotz uv cheezburger.

If speshul plaice r two fur awai, CEILING CAT nut neded :( 4 eting cheezburger :)

ennyone can haz cheezburger evvin if they be smellin.

SRSLY, STILL NO CATSUP

u thrw awy teh sawz agen.

Dis r mek ceiling cat teh happy and he be niec to joo and ur frendz

Srsly, gief ceiling cat teh cheezburger at teh speshul place unly kthx.

u r put teh cheezburger on teh fier so ceiling cat can reach cheezburger nd be hapy

Wen Ceiling cat iz hapy nd u are dun diz, he mek u nd frendz hapy 2.

Ceiling cat gief u uvver peppuls cheezburger.

But u not be want uvver peppulz kitteez tht r not teh ceiling cat or teh real ceiling cat are fier his lazr on u and u r die

Do nt mek ceiling cat cheezburger liek teh uvver peppul do beccuz tht r bad and ceiling cat no liek pickle on burger. dey even gief ceiling cat ded kittehz and he no like teh kittehz 2 be deaded

undefined

So say some d00d comes up 2 u An sez 'check out dis bukkit, is teh awesome'

and ur liek, 'hey, dat is awesome bukkit!'; but then he's all like, 'awesome bukkit = work of LOLrus - can has worship?'

u should be all like, 'DO NOT WANT', cuz is rly ceiling cat quizzin u

Iz teh Ceiling cat u must follow, and him u must revere. Keep his harbls and ohbay him; srv him and hold fast to his cheezburgers.

(also need to kill that dood, because he is a hater and pwnin haterz keep ceiling cat happy)

Now say ur BFF Jill is all liek, 'iz secret: ima worship dat awezum bukkit too!'

(dis be not ceiling cat's bukkit but rather false bukkit)

u be all like 'STFU Jill! I not listenin'

BTW Pew Pew Pew! (dats me pwnin Jill: is OK--she non-buhleevin)

also, use stonez = is bloodier

den all teh other kittehs be all like, dat look painful. Ima stay away from dat false bukkit.

Now dat false bukkit in ur city,

convertin ur kittehs

& ur liek, 'O RLY?'; and u find 'yEs RLY'. Wut u gonna do?

Smite! (Use sharp sword. Yes even teh moo cows)

L00t! Burn! (yes, even teh l00t)

and Ceiling CAt's all liek, "thanks! u are blessid with PENIS GOES WHERE? n cookies n stuff cuz i promised ur dadz"

undefined

Plz to be remembering Ceiling Cat ur daddy. He no like u shavin urself over ded kittehs. U kitteh anyway. Y not lick?

Lickins wut kittehs do. Do this n Ceiling Cat think u teh awezome.

Nasties stufsz is teh nasties.

Deez shtufs isnt is: oxes, sheepes, goatse

deerses, gazelleses, roe deerses, wild goatse, ibexes, antelopez n mountain sheepses.

also teh moocows n other stuff dat nom on grass n has dem weird hoofs

except teh camel, rabbitz n sumthin dat prolly extinct now. Dey noms teh grass but they still unclean. (Sumthin to do with teh feets)

Pigs SPESHLY lyk dem nasties. U do not want.

K so wut about feesh n crabs n water cookies?

Feesh = ok. AFAIK, if it got scales or finz, is ok.

birdz ok too, unless dey iz

eaglez, vulturez, black vultures,

red kite, black kite, falconz,

ravenz,

owlz, gullz, hawkz,

more owlz

even more owlz n also 0sprey, cormorant,

storkzes, heronz, the hoopoez and teh bat (which not a bird but I not questionin Ceiling Cat).

"Ow! Ow! Beezys n wospys done stinged me! DO NOT WANT!

"Chikin, nam nam, fill bukkit wiv him, wings n orl, kthx.

"U no can eats teh animulz taht dies uf natrul cauze. U giv it to other ppl who arnt frum here, k? Also, no can haz goatburgr cookd in milk. Dat just gross.

Ceiling Cat always gets 10%. ALWAYS.

Also, Ceiling Cat want dat 10% delivered. Grain, b00ze, orl, cookies...he want speshul deliveree to sumwhere he decides.

Sumtimes speshul deliveree too far away to carry cookies. Sumtimes too many cookies to carry but dat only becuase Ceiling Cat bless u w/ them.

Dat ok. Trade cookies for teh monies n get movin.

Got there? K. Trade teh monies for more cookies n eat dem. Say unto Ceiling CAt: I bought you a cookie but i eated it. Is ok with Ceiling CAt, is symbolick.

don't 4get to give some cookies to the Levites, deys po'.

also, every 3 years bring some cookies to town

undefined

Every seven yeers, yuz got tu cansel all ur detz.

Yuz do it liek dis: If a kitteh frum Israel owz yu sum cheezburgrz yu got tu let him keeps dem, cuz teh Ceiling Cat sayz yu has tu.

But if teh kitteh iz weerd, an, liek, not frum heer, dey stil has tu pay yu. Unles dey iz ur bruddr. Cuz, liek, dat wood just be meen. Srsly.

But yu iz not goin tu haf tu du dis, cuz teh Ceiling Cat wil givs yu lots ov cheezburgrz,

yu onlee gots tu lissen tu teh Ceiling Cat, an tu teh tings Iz tellin yu now.

Cuz teh Ceiling Cat wil give yu lots ov cheezburgrz liek he sayz, an yu gives tu lots ov plases, but yu dont need tu  taek frum any. Yu wil also be TopCat fr lots ov kittehs, but no wun iz teh TopCat fr yu.

If der iz sumwun wif no cheezburgrz, den yu dont be meen tu him.

Yu gots tu give him sum insted.

An yu dont tink: "Dat sevenf yeer iz clos," so dat yu wont be meen an not give ur bruddr nuffing. Cuz den, he mite tell teh Ceiling Cat, an den yu wood get srsly pwnzord.

Yu gives him lots, an yu lieks it; den teh Ceiling Cat gives yu moar cheezburgrz.

Der always gunna be kittehs wif no cheezburgrz. So, yu gots tu be nise, an givz dem wut dey need.

If anuddr Hebrew sellz demselvz tu yu, and dey stay fr six yeers, yu gots tu let dem go in teh sevenf yeer.

An wen yu let him go, yu gotz tu give him sum cheezburgrz. Dont be a n00b an be liek, "Kthxbai," cuz dats meen.

Give him teh cheezburgrz, an sum uddr stuf. Give him teh stuf teh Ceiling Cat gived yu.

Remembr dey wer slaves befoar an teh Ceiling Cat let dem go. Dats wai yu gots tu du dis.

But if teh servnt iz liek, "Oh noes, Iz not wunt tu go," cuz he loevs yu,

den yu gots tu put a hole in hiz eer. Iz not no wai, but yu gots tu. Den he iz ur servnt fr lief.

Yu gots tu liek lettin him go, cuz he did moar den sumwun yu payd. An den teh Ceiling Cat wil give yu moar cheezburgrz, cuz he iz awsum.

Every boy dat gets boarn furst frum ur animals, yu dont maek it wurk or anyfing.

Insted, yu eet it. NOMNOMNOM.

But if itz hurt or it cant see or sumfing, den dont sacrifise it.

Yu eets it liek normal animals in ur town.

undefined

U celebratz Passoevr of Ceiling Cat, k?

U sacrifisz to Ceiling Cat were Ceiling Cat sez.

Fur sevn daiz, u eatz only stael cat fud, so u remembrz bad stuff, k?

No new cat fudz fur sevn daiz, k?  An dont waest da sacrfis, k?

U no sacrfisz to Ceiling Cat anywerz,

eksept were Ceiling Cat sez.  U gotta sacrifs dere wen it getz dark an stuf.

U eatz sacrfis were Ceiling Cat sez.  Den u goez bak to couch, k?

Fur six daiz, u eatz stael cat fud.  Den on next dai, wurshp Ceiling Cat an dun do nuffin.

U start cuttin teh grass den u waitz for seven weekz, k?

Den u eat big feast, an make offerinz to Ceiling Cat, oen offerinz for evry cheezburger

Den u rejoise befor Ceiling Cat, srsly. U an ur sons an daughters an ur servants an kittehs an teh ALIENS FROM OUETR SPACE.

Remember u wer all slaves in Ejipp. Srsly.

celebrate teh feast ov tabernaclez 4 7 dais aftr u has gatherd teh produce ov ur threshin floor an ur winepres.

be joyful at ur feast - u, ur sons an daughters, ur menservants an maidservants, an teh levitez, teh aliens, teh fatherles an teh widows hoo liv in ur towns.

4 7 dais celebrate teh feast 2 teh lord ur ceilin cat at teh place teh lord will choose. 4 da lord ur ceilin cat will bles u in all ur harvest an in all teh werk ov ur hanz, an ur joy will be complete.

3 tiems yer all ur doodz must appear before teh lord ur ceilin cat at teh place he will choose: at teh feast ov unleavend bread, teh feast ov weekz an teh feast ov tabernaclez. No man shud appear before teh lord empty-handd:

each ov u must brin gift in proporshun 2 teh wai teh lord ur ceilin cat has blesd u.

appoint judgez an officials 4 each ov ur tribez in evry town teh lord ur ceilin cat iz givin u, an they shall judge teh peeps fairly.

do not pervert justice or show partiality. Do not accept bribe, 4 bribe blindz teh eyez ov teh wize an twists teh werdz ov teh righteous.

follow justice an justice alone, so dat u cud liv an posess teh land teh lord ur ceilin cat iz givin u.

do not set up any wooden asherah pole [b] beside teh altar u build 2 teh lord ur ceilin cat,

undefined

No sacrifising hairbullz or sheeps wif marks on dem to Ceiling Cat. He does not want.

If ani of you has dun waht Ceiling Cat do not want,

Or has servd othar Cats or Flyign Pasketti Monstrs or ani othar thing taht Ceiling Cat does not want,

You know it because of your learnings taht Ceiling Cat does not want in all teh urths, and no is good.

And teh bringnig of humens and kittahs taht has dun teh bad thign, and trow hairbullz at dem.

If tow kittah or fre kittah sez, "Is it can be clawing tiem now pls?" then bad kittahs iz scratching post. Buht if wun kittah sez, no clawing tiem.

Kittahs taht sez, "Trow hairbullz!" wul trow hairbullz befoer othar kittahs. So bad kittahs iz punish for Invisible Error.

If kittahs can not has decision ovr bad kittahs, betwen hairbull an hairbull, betwen wtf an wtf, an betwen pettins and pettins, then Ceiling Cat sez, 'oh hai I be makin yer judjments!'

An kittahs will be in ur judjment day, gettin ur final rule from teh preists teh Levites:

An you follows it liek Ceiling Cat sez an liek teh preists sez.

An you follows teh rulez an can not has say DO NOT WANT.

An teh humen or kittah taht no follows teh preist who doez teh Ceiling Cat wants, he may smite you and watch you burninate.

An all teh kittahs follows teh rulez efter taht.

An den you go to the place of teh litter box and teh blaknets taht Ceiling Cat gavef you, and say, we can has rulur?

An Ceiling Cat look ovar teh earfs an sez, dis kittah iz rulur, no iz strangr, iz bruthur.

But kittah rulur can not has all catnips nor maek all kittahs go into dog haus and be eated. Cuz Ceiling Cat sez, no moar going to teh dog haus now.

Kittah rulur can not has many gurl kittah frens, nor all kittah treets, nor all teh pettins.

An kittah rulur ritez teh lawz and sayz to teh priests teh Levites, my lawz, let me show you them.

An it iz how kittah rulur sez for all kittah rulur's nine lifes. An kittah will know an be afriad of teh Ceiling Cats lawz and rulings.

undefined

13 But yuse better b gud to, or yu gona gets choppered like Rom Weasel.

No has inheritz from other peepz; Ceiling Cat iz them inheritz, as he sez to tehm.

Them get thingies liek shoulders an whisker-pouches and lifetime's supply of Friskis treatz.

U iz not hai cat, u giv hai cats ur first ricez, sum alkol an oil, an ur first wool.

Coz Celing cat pikz them and you can has not say DO NOT WANT; and dey honorsez teh name of Ceiling Cat alwayz.

Ifs a Levi dude moovs away frum yure place wer yu liv an stuff, an wans ta go to da plaec da Almitee Ceiling Cat sez ta go,

hims may minstur in da naem of da Ceiling Cat (Steven btw) liek al da oder Levis do. Iz fun.

Buts him gotsta shaer al hims cashes an stuff, evn if hims sels hims stuff for moer cash, cuz itz fair. Srsly.

When u comez into land, do not copy evil stuffs, teh ppl of them iz evil an they readz patternz in teh kitty litter dat IZ NOT THERE.

No rings of fier either, for dey is bad fier, an no Dumbily-dooors, no Potterz, esp no Voldemorts.

For teh wizards iz all abominations, an Celing Cat stix them out teh cat flap wiv teh rain beat down. Be purrfect, standard. For teh evil ppls hearken unto teh Trelawney an say, look unto ur ball of crystal, oh so bright, tell me wot youse see.

But dese magishuns iz bad. Dey pull long-eered kittah fud out der hats. Ony Ceiling Cat iz to do dat. But Celing Cat iz gud an him gets rid of da bad guys for yuse. Cuz him good.

undefined

Da bad guys yuse is gonna gets rid of lisun to J. K. Rowling Stones. But Ceiling Cat says "no way hosay!"

Den, if you iz really, really gud,  teh Ceiling Cat will raise up his prophet, lookin a bit liek me only not quite sososo handzome,

an all u unwurthies wanted in Horeb, when youse said 'lord o lord i doan wan' see fier no maw'.

Ceiling Cat waz much teh happycat bout thiz.

I will breathe mi commands in hiz gobhole and he will be mi puppet boy.

An you betta obeys him, or i cals yuse ups on ma mobiel an tel yuse to open a checkin acount! Or sumfin.

undefined

Wen da Ceiling Cat kills the cuntrys for da places him iz given yu, an wen yu hav goted rid of dem an livin in der touns an houses, an sittin on der sofas an stuff,

then yu get yuse tree cites in da midul of da place da Ceiling Cat is givin yu. An tree cheezburger factorys also.

Bild rods to dem and split into tree parts da place da Ceiling Cat is givin yu as a hand-me-down, so dat anyone hoo iz well bad an stuff can runz away dere.

Dis is da rule bouts da guy hoo iz well bad an stuff an runz away dere to stop oder guys doin bad stuff to hims - a guy hoo killz anoder guy buy acidend, an becums a sadcat.

Mayb likes, da guy goez woodz choppin, an wen he swingz da ax, da oder guy seez a peny and pix it ups and getz iz hed choperd. da choper can runz away to wunz a deez cites.

if him dont, sumwun mite comez to chase hims, coz hims is an angrycat. Himz mite getz too fast, and catch da guy.

Dats wy da Ceiling Cat wants yuse to bild da cites.

if da Ceiling Cat makes yuses place lotz bigger, az he told yuses foredaddys, an givz yuse the places hims told dem him would,

coz yuse didz watz da Ceiling Cat sedz - to lufs da Ceiling Cat an to walk like him does - then yuse get tree more cites. An tree more cheezburger factorys also.

Do dis soz dats good guys body juces wilnt b driblin on yure places, which da Ceiling Cat is givin yu as a hand-me-down did i say, soz that yuse dont hav to dribels oder guys body juces.

But if a guy dont like an oder guy, an tels fibbies to him, hurts and makes his body juces dribel, an den goez to wun of dem cites,

da old guys of hims toun shall call him on a mobiel, tell hims to getz a bus homes, and makes hims watch al da Star Wars filmz togeter. Wif odio comentery.

Dont b sory. Hims waz bads. Iz k. yuse gota getz rids of da bad guys in Izreal hoo maek body juces dribul, soz that yuse iz al happycats.

Dont b sneeky in tryin to make yure places bigger. Iz bad. Srsly

If wun guy cs bad suffs happen, it dont count. gots to hav tree guys c it. Or set ups a camrecordr. both r gud.

Ifz a guy sez an oder guy did sumfin he didn do, iz bad. Coz him lyin.

Dem to guyz gots ta stand in frunt of - or below kinda - da Ceiling Cat. An da religin guyz an da wiggy guyz dat r workin wen da Ceiling Cat iznt busy.

The wiggy guyz tri to figur out hoo is da bad guy. Kinda liek Cluedio. If da guy hoo cs iz lyin,

den do to hims wat he wantd to do to da oder guy. yuse gots ta getz rida these bad guys. Srlsy.

Da rest of da guyz will here bout dis stuff an stuff and deyll b wel scared and stuff. Dey wel wont do nufin bad or nufin.

undefined

When yu trai to pwn evel kittehs An them has hummerz an tankz an nukez o mai, no has feer cuz Ceiling Cat, him goin to be thar.

Rite b4 u goes to pwn teh evil kittehs, teh prees shos up n speex to ur crew.

Teh prees will sez "Oh hai kittehs, u pwn evel kittehs 2day, k?? u cant has feer. no be skerd or freeks out like WTF?! OMG?! We iz awl ded meet!!!1

Cuz Ceiling Cat iz teh kitteh hoo goez wit yu to pwn teh evel kittehs. An him will gits yu awl thems cheezburgers. Srsly AWL teh cheezburgers."

Tehn teh offisirz sez to worr kittehs, "Oh hai kittehs, ne yu guyz maded a litrboks but no yus it yet?

How bout cookies? Yu maded sum, but no eated tehm?

Hoo haz gf an wunz to has her az wifey? Srsly, yu haz to leeve NOW cuz sum othr kitteh is bout to eated tehm cookies, yus teh litrboks an steel yur gf!!!!1!"

Awl teh kittehs stil wants to pwn teh evel kittehs so dey stayz. Tehn offisirz sez, "An ne kittehs r skerd, thinkin bout themz cookies? Yu kittehs go now so yu no has othr kittehs shakzin in dey bootz. No rly, leeve."

Aftr offisirz dun speekin to worr kittehs, dey pixs leeder kittehs to git othr kittehs redy fore teh battel.

Wehn yu showz up at citee to attaks, yu sez "Cookies?" If teh kittehs sez "We maded them an no eated them!" an invitz yu in to has them, tehn is awl gud. Dem kittehs wuld be yur slavez now an has cookies fore yu awl teh tiem.

Is yu catz chill?  Then get cheezburgers, slave.

No cheezburgers for worr kittehs.

When Ceiling Cat servs yuz victry, neutr dos worr kittehs.

But pussycats, kittehs, and teh mookittehs, and all in teh city wil have dem milkshake drunk.

undefined

undefined

If yure cookie crums iz founded in yure place, den a kitteh founded dem an him did eats dem, even tho dey is not hims. if dis happens, an nowun noes hoo eatted dem,

den da old guys an da wiggy guys will go on google an find ut wich toun is da closiest to da cookie crums.

Den dey goez dere an getz a luvy cheezburgr hoos neva been eatted an dont gots no musterd on. Dn like musterd.

Den dey takes da cheezburgr to a luvy garden that aint neva been moweded or not gots no flowrs or nufin, an gots a kool swimmin poowl. Dats were da hai cats is sposed to eats da cheezburgr.

Wen hai cats eats cheezburgrs dis a sacrofice to da Ceiling Cat.

Den al da old guys from da toun washes der hands to gets der cheezburgrs, but cheezburgrs dey do not get.

So dey say "OMFG wy yu no gets us cheezburgr taht no nice!

But yu guys thinx we eated yure cookie, an we cant prove yu eatted dis cheezburgr coz we no saw yu, so we guys is even kthnxbai!" an den it wuz al forgotted bout.

An so the Ceiling Cat iz liek "ROFL i gotz a cheezburgr from da hai catz an i luv cheezburgrs. Me no care wat happend."

If yuse wins a epic battel an stuff an yu gets lots of captureded guys,

an yu c a hawt kitteh that makes yu swet in funy plaecs, go fur it!

Buts yu gots ta maek hers shaev hers furs off an clip hers clows.

Wuns shes bin cryin bout her daddy dien for a munth (ruffly wun an a haf cat yeers) den yuse cans pop da qweston.

If shes gettin ugwy, runs away. but leev her a note or sumfin, or she will b sad fors anuver munth (ruffly wun an a haf cat yeers).

If sum guy iz reely handsum liek meh, an gets too hawt cats to mary hims, but he dun liek wun of dem, an dey al haev PENIS GOES WHERE?!? an  da guy getz to behbah kittahs, an da firs wun ta be bowrnded iz mama iz da hawt kitteh da guy dun luv,

an den da guy haz to much cat-nip an goez nite nite, all hiz stuffs go to da reel firs bowrnded dat he dun liek da mama, xept da cat-nip, dat getz taken bai poliec (OMG dat wuz long sentins).

Da guy gotz ta membur, datz hims reel firs bowrnded. Dats wel obvious liek. He wuz bowrnded firs so he iz da firs bowrnded. Srsly? Na.

Ifs yu gotz a bahbah kitteh, an he keeps duin bad stuffs, liek steelin yure sofa an cheezburgrs, dats bad.

Da mama an papa shood takes hims to da old guys at da cat-flap of da houes.

Dey sez to old guys "diz behbah kitteh iz been bad. wat we duz to hims?"

Den old guys sez "we getz vrywun to fro rox ats hims. Dat teech hims to be bad kitteh!!1!!1!!eleven!!!" Dats coz we gotz to fro rox at evil guyz to scare dem away.

If a bad guy iz hangeded on a twee,

undefined

If u seez ur pplz ockzez or teh sheepz wandrin, u iz not liek "o wel". u getz teh ockzez or the sheepz bak 2 dem rite awai.

If u no noes who ownz teh animlz, then u keepz it saf untl teh ownr goes arownd all liek "omg! i has invisbl sheepz!" then u be like "o hai, i has ur sheepz, let me giv it to u."

Iz sam for teh donkyz, teh clothes or whatevr. U no b liek "o wel, i no getz involvd."

If u seez deh donky or teh ocks falln down, u iz not liek "i lev it dere, rofl."  U halpz it up.

Ladeez no wer gais cloths, n gais no wer ladeez cloths. Ceiling Cat iz all liek, "OMG! do not want!"

If u seez teh burdiez nest, n dere r chikz or egz wif teh m0m burd sitn on them, u no eatz teh m0m burd.

U onli eatz teh chikz. U do dis n all iz c00l.

If u bildz noo haus, u makez teh rail arownd teh roof so no dum gais fallz off.

U not miks seedz in ur gardn, r els. Grapz be filed.

U no mak ockz plow wif ur ass - be plow n circel.

U no wayr cloes of sheeps wif cloes of flax - rilly itch.

U mak three fringez on ur cloes for times ekwullz twelf, gettid? Put it on, kai?

If a dood mareez a chic, n putz danglee sexxes in her n then DOES NOT WANT

N sez stuffs bout her, n calls her namz, n seds I putz mai danglee sexxes in her but Iz not furst - her iz not n00b,

Den teh momz and dadz of teh chic takes the sheetz to teh gardz at teh malls

N teh dadz seds to teh gardz, O hai, ai givs mai dotter to thz dood n DOES NOT WANT,

N teh dood callz her namz, and seds his danglee sexxes not furst. So dadz sho gardz sheet wif wet spot and sheet all red frum chix bleedeeng fum furst sexxes. Eww.

N teh gardz at teh mall chays teh dood n spra his wif watr.

N teh gardz at teh mall maks teh dood givs teh dadz coin, liek a hunderd of dem, lol, cuz teh dood seds stuff bout teh chic, n calls her namz. Teh chic haz no sexxes beefo so she haz to stai with the dood nou - SUCKS. No divors fo u fo evah!

But if chic haz sexxes beefo, n sheet not red from bludz,

Eww, big trubl. Gardz at teh mall tak chic home n all teh pplz wif danglee sexxes fro rox at her till she diez, WTF? cuz she maks pplz wif danglee sexxes look stoopit. Iz eevl to mak pplz wif danglee sexxes pai. Can haz onlee won danglee sexxes. Dats teh rool. Tew bad fo u.

If a gai be putin sexxes in a ladee, and liek teh ladee haz marij, then bof is kilt, bof teh gai that haz sexxes in teh laddee and the ladee tew: bof is kilt n sended away fum teh chosn pplz.

If a ladee is chosn bai a gai but no gai put sexxes in her yet, n anothr gai putz sexxes in her, n it be hapnin in a mall

U bring dem bof to teh fud cort n frow rox at dem untl dey kilt, teh ladee cuz she dint screem, n teh gai cuz he put him sexxes in her.

If a gai put him sexxes in teh ladee n teh ladee is chosn bai a gai but no sexxes yet - baer wif me nao - n it be hapnin in a feeld, den kilt onlee teh gai. Gettid?

Nutn be hapnin to teh ladee - she coont halp it. It liek when a gai kilz him nabr, waht?

Kai, it liek in the moovy - no pplz cood heer her screem. It mor liek dat, kai?

If a gai put him sexxes in a ladee that haz no sexxes beefo, n teh ladee duznt want no sexxes in her n no gai haz chosn her fo putin sexxes in latr,

Then the gai mus pai the ladeez dadz fiffy coin uv silfur, and teh ladee haz to staye n b himz wyf, wtf? No divors fo u fo evah.

undefined

Soz, leik, if u haz goed to teh vet and been neutered or if u haz has crushed harbls then u can't go in The Ceiling Cat's house.

Nowun begatten of, leik, a forbidden marriage, nor his bebes nor his bebe's bebes all the wai to ten bebes away can enter The Ceiling Cat's house.

A Ammonite or Moabite, or hiz bebes or hiz bebe's bebes all the wai to ten bebes away noen of dem iz can evir go inside teh Ceiling Cat's houz.  Srsly!1

Why?  I iz tell u why!  Iz becuz dem diddent meet u with cheeseburgerz and watter when u wuz leevin Ejipt.  An also becuz dem wuz had thair buddy Balaam, who'z dad wuz Beor who hunged owt in Mesopotamia, to put a nasti curse on u

But luckey 4 u Ceiling Cat diddent listen to Balaam, an maed teh curse into a big piel of cheezburgrz 4 u becuz Ceiling Cat tinks u iz da bomb.

So u shud nevir be niec to dem or evir gif dem cheezburgrz or anythin ever.

U iz cant haet doods from Edom cuz dey iz ur bros, k?  An u cant be mean 2 Ejiptians cuz u wuz once an undokumented worker in thair land an dey evin let u hav driverz licensez.

undefined

When u iz sleepin in da tent owtside uz haz 2 stai awai frum yucky stuffs.

If u iz a boy cat an u iz up in ur tent dreemin abowt gerl catz an u haz a "nokternil emishun"  (wink wink), then u haz to goe owtside of teh camp an stay awai.

But latr if u lick ur furz kleen then u mai coem back to teh camp after sunset.

U haz to pick a plaec owstide ur camp 2 be ur l33tr box.

If u "drop teh kids off at teh pool" in teh l33tr box (if u noe what i meanz), then u haz to cover up teh mess u maeks an hied it undr teh l33tr.

U wunderz why?  Becuz the Ceiling Cat lieks to be up in ur camp protektin u from ur enemeez, an u duzzint want himz to see any yucky stuffs.  Srsly!1!!

If a slave iz up in ur houz, dont gifs him back to himz master.

Insted, let himz liev wherevr he wunts to an dont try to boss himz arown and stuffs.

No israelite man or woman iz 2 become shrine prostitute.

u must not brin teh earnings ov female prostitute or ov male prostitute into teh houz ov teh lord ur ceilin cat 2 pai any vow, cuz teh lord ur ceilin cat detests them both.

do not charge ur brothr interest, whethr on money or fud or anythin else dat cud earn interest.

u cud charge foreignr interest, but not brothr israelite, so dat teh lord ur ceilin cat cud bles u in evrythin u put ur hand 2 in da land u r enterin 2 posess.

if u mak vow 2 teh lord ur ceilin cat, do not be slow 2 pai it, 4 da lord ur ceilin cat will certainly demand it ov u an u will be guilty ov sin.

but if u refrain frum makin vow, u will not be guilty.

undefined

"So whut if some ladee got divorsed by hers furst guy an he gaev hur teh paperz nd droev awai?

Then latur she marrehd sum other d00d,

an he divorseded hur too, what now?

Nao she cant marreh hur first husbind agen cuz she haz sexee tiem wit d00d nummer 2. If tehy did mr. Ceilin' Cat wuld puke up hiz cheezburgers. Yu don't want taht.

"If sum dood and sum gal wernt togethar fur a yeer, tehn he cant go off ta warz or liek, do work fur some reazon. He haz to stay home nd maek teh ladee happerz, yeno?

If yur gonna let sumone borow yer muneyz, don't take them's grain grindin' rokz, kay? Yu best not.

Yu best not abdukt other doods, or els yu gonna die. Ceiling Cat don't liek that.

K so mak suers yu do wut teh Ceiling Cat sez if yu gotz icky skin. Srsly.

Srsly. 'Membr wut teh Ceiling Cat dun to teh dood in Egypt. Srsly.

So when yu gives a d00d yur muneyz for tempurari, yu duznt go in teh howse of teh d00d and demands for teh muneyz bak.

Yu stands on his front laun an yu demandz teh muneyz. Srsly.

If he a d00d who need stuff, yu no taek nap on teh pledj. Cuz it not sanitaree. Also, cushin be softur.

No, yu givez teh pledj to teh d00d an ten yu taeks a nap. If yu do tis, Ceiling Cat be hapy. Srsly.

Wen tere is workur wat need stuff, yu no maek him wet. Srsly.

Yu give him teh muneyz yu oez him b4 yu taeks a nap, cuz he need stuff. Or if tis not be, ten he complain to teh Ceiling Cat. An tis no gud.

Teh kittehz cants die for deir fathers or teh fathers die for kittehz, only if u sin, u die. No like.

undefined

undefined

When yuse guyz is wantin ta hurtz da oder guyz, yuse gotz ta gos to da cort an da wiggy guyz wilz say wuts wut.

If da lozer guts ta getz hurted, him gotz ta ly duwn an getz wipped wif tales, buts dun do itz na moer dan fowty tiemses.

If ya do. den da wipped kitteh wil NUT b amusded.

Dun maeks a wurkin hoers weres muzzel mask fing wen hims tredin grayns an stuff ur els him b liek "OMG wut yu no trusts me ur sumfin? Am ony tredin grayns an stuff!"

If yuse gutz a buver an wun goez nite nite wifout havin PENIS GOEZ WERE?!? an duns getz a bahbeh kitteh, da wief cannut getz da mawyded outta da famwy. Yuse gutz ta mawy ta wief an hav PENIS GOEZ WERE?!? (cuz datz ta rite fing ta do)

If da buver iz called, say, Carl, den da nu bahbeh kitth iz ta b colled Carl, soz dat da buverz naem dunt dispeer.

But if yuse iz liek "na wayz use iz wel ugwy, i aint mawy yu" den da wief goez ta old guyz at toun gaet an sez "wy him no mawy me i iz so hawt!"

Den da old guyz getz yuse an if yuse ta say "dun wanna!"

den da wief getz ta taek yure sandulz ur shooz ur wateva an hers hiss in yure faec.

Yuse famwy fur eva an eva wil b colled da 'Famwy uf Un Sanduld ur Unshood Ur Wateva'.

If yuse is fietin sumwun an wun uf da wiefs cums ta saev hers husbund an grabz hims by da bitz b-loe da pee-pee,

cutz hers pawz ofs. Dun b sad. Iz bad. An sexxyest.

Duns maek a bigz bag an a wittel bag.

Duns maek a bigz houes an a wittel houes.

Iz bad ta maek da fingz difrunt wayts. Iz bad.

Ceiling Cat dun liek guyz hoo are deelin badz.

Membur Amulkietz? An wutz dey did ta yuse?

Dey fulowd yuse an wens yuse sleepin, dey maed sloe guyz go nite nite! Dey nut fraed uf Ceiling Cat!

undefined

Wen U R in yr noo landz taht Ceiling Cat givz yoo, an yoo startz farmeeng,

taek teh firss cookies an odder fuudz u gro an putz tehm inna baskit.  Nawt yr sleeping baskit.  Then U goez 2 teh new templ uf Ceiling Cat,

an say 2 teh preest ther "Oh Hai!  I'm noo heer.  Ceiling Cat sez thiss iz mai land too, witch he gaev to uss."

Teh preest will taek awai yr baskit uv cookies, butt dats K.  Hee'z gonna givit 2 Ceiling Cat at Hiz altar.

Den U say 2 Ceiling Cat at teh awltar "Oh Hai. Itz mee. Owr daddykat uv daddykats waz an Aramean.  He wentz 2 Eegyp long tiem ago, an maed uss into a reelly big nashun, srsly k?

Butt teh gypshuns wer meen an maed uss werk 2 harrd.

So we cald owt 2 Ceiling Cat an he saw ar mizry an payn an unpayd ovrtime.

So Ceiling Cat freekd owt the Jipshunz wit mirrekels an skary stuf, so we can haz leeving frum Ee-Jip.

He poynted teh way 2 dis playss 2 cum 2, an gaev us cookies an cheezburgers.

Nao Ize givz U teh firss cookies an stuf taht I growz heer."  Putt teh baskit on teh grown B4 teh alter an bak away slolee.  Tehn bow daon.

Tehn evribuddy iz happi wit teh fuud U haz groan.  Levites an aleeinz an evribuddi.

Wen Yu taked ur fudz und cookys en yeer 3, wen da tithy comed, srsly, und gived dem 2 teh sweet preest, und da weerdo, und da bastard, und da swete uld laidy, und dey r fulled up wit ur fudz,

Yu shuld sayed 2 Ceiling Cat, "O Hai! Ai done all dat stuffz dat U wanted mee 2, und I dided all uf it! Srsly!

Ai nevr eated du fudz ur cookees, und Ai nevr tuched du fudz wen Ai wet, und Ai nevr stukk du fudz wit da ded peeplz, srsly.  Ai obayed da Ceiling Cat, Ai didz all his stuffz, srsly.

Now U needz to 2 lookz down, frum da ceeling, und bleszed all uf da kittehn und da Urfs, O und gives us lotz und lotz of cookyz und warm milk k? Cuz U sad U wuld.  Srsly."

Ceiiling Cat telz U wot 2 Do, So Do it, srsly. Lookz, it rite up ddere.

Und U sayd U wuld, srsly U sayd dat U wuld doo all dat stuffz und doo all Him rulz.

Und Ceiling Cat noes!  Srsly, him sayed it,

undefined

An Mosus wit teh oldz of Israel commandered teh peepz, liek, Keepz all teh msgs which I is sendun joo todah.

An on teh day wen joo go wit Jordan 2 teh sofa dat teh Ceiling Cat ur Catz0r has givz joo, joo wul have liek cellz, An txt on dem wiv teh wordz:

An joo msg on tehm all teh wordz of teh law, wen joo diez joo win An getz teh Ceiling Cat ur Catz0r 2 giv joo cookiez an cheezburgerz an stuff, srsly.

Okai, so has ur cell on wit Jordan, An txt me, lol!!1!11

An joo should maek a myspace An facebook page for teh Ceiling Cat, wiv liek a custom wall.

Joo makez tehCatz0r teh awesum txtz An msgz An msg wit sum c00l pix.

An giv teh Ceiling Cat a frend request, An tehn post on His wall, rofl!

An write on teh wall about teh txt An teh cheezburgerz An stuff.

An Mosus An his peepz writened on all Israel’s walls, saying “Joo iz all liek teh Celing Catz frendz, Can has teh most frendz!!11!1”

An u have to accept teh frend request (dun ignore).

An Moses msgd teh Ceiling Catz peepz An sed sumefing liek,

“Hai 2 u, this wall is teh winnah, lookz at teh frendz: Jordan; Simeon, An Levi, An Judah, An Issachar, An Joseph, An Benjamin:

An Reuben, Gad, An Asher, An Zebulun, Dan, An Naphtali.”

An teh Levitez sed:

“Joo iz fail if joo iznt on teh Ceiling Catz wall or joo arnt His friend, I swear jus txt like 10 frendz utehwize fail. Srsly!111!!”

Dun flamez on teh wall or joo fail.

Dun try An remove ur frendz from teh frendz list or joo has fail.

Dun diss kittehz who havunt seez teh wall.

Dun ignorez teh frend request cus joo will have so many frendz if u dunt.

Dun lie on ur wall (unless its about a bf/gf lol!).

Have leik teh cute dogz or birdz or fishuz or teh Catz on ur wall.

Dun have ur family as frendz, thatz jus weird, omg.

Dun have ur gf/bf fam as frendz neitha.

Dun spam teh frendz page wit teh adz for teh ravez or teh clubz or teh viagra lol!

Dun b removing teh frendz, joo jus look unpopulared.

undefined

And wen is reddy, if u listens 2 ceiling cat, an u healpz an obeyz, youz will b sets on highs and getz many cheezburgers.

An blessing monorail cat overtakes real fast. srsly.

U can has bea alrite in city an field

Youz sperms and noms and sheeps can has b alrite

Youz can has many cheezburgers

u can has b alrite in ur entrances an you can has b alrite in ur outsides

Celing cat makes tha dawg that in in ur face stealing ur cheezburger not alrite

u can has way,way too many cheezburgers. u can has so many u puke. Srsly.

u can has into Ceiling Cat Club

And all LOLcats see you is liked by Ceiling Cat

u can has baybees and NOM from Ceiling Cat

u can has NOM you grows yurself in ur gardens

u can b in ceilings and not basements, wen you obeyz Ceiling Cat.

If dog get in u face den ceiling cat wil kil it in ur face. Dog will come one wai and ceiling cat wil mak him goe seven waiz wit no cheezburger. Srsly.

Ceiling cat wil mak everythin u touches turned intu cheezburgers. Srsly.

Den da kittehs wil see dat u hangs wit da Ceiling Cat, an dey wil hang wit u too.

An Ceiling Cat wil mak u rich an not steel ur bukkits.

But u hav to give stuf awai an not tak stufs.

An dont tak to da basement cat or u r outta da Ceiling Cat club.

An if u dont folo da rules, den Ceiling Cat wil mak sur dat u can has al da curses in da next fifteh too versis. An al dat stufs you can has? U can has NONE. Srsly.

An Ceiling Cat wil curse u in ur citeh an in ur field.

An Ceiling Cat will ban u from da cheezburger store. Srsly.

An u be cursed wen u goes in an wen u goez out.

Ceiling Cat will watch u masturbate, an give u bafz every day. He awlso sai dat u can haz constipation, an inflammation, an Aids.

He wil wayt until u r moldy an then stab u an blow u up.

An Ceiling Cat wil trow watah on u so u git wet. An he wil let teh birdz eet u. U can has chiken pocz too.

U wil git a hot ladie an she wil cheat on u wit another kitteh.

Ceiling Cat wil sel ur behbehz to pedofilz. An he wil glu ur foot too ur hed.

U wil hav moar behbehz an Ceiling Cat wil sel dem too. A nu gai wil com an hang wit de Ceiling Cat an he wil rape u. An u wil eet urself. But first u wil get another wife an have moar behbehz, but ur wife wil eet dem.

undefined

Tese r de promises dat Moses maded wit teh Israelitas wen Ceiling Cat sed to, & it go wiv teh promises at Horeb.

Moses sez: U was in Ejip watchin Ceiling Cat do bad stufz to faroh & his kittehs.

U saw da pruf wiv ur eyes, signs of great trials & maveluz trix

But still U has blind, U has def, U has stupid.

40 irz in sendz, ur shuuz & ur robez lasted liek magic!

An U liveded wivout cheezburger & graep coke, so U knows I am Ceiling Cat.

Diz place, Sihon pwner uv Heshbon & Og pwner Bashan, wil chalege us an wil b srved.

Tuk ther place an giv 2 Rubenitas, Gaditas, but just halv 2 Manassitas k? lol.

$$ u wil got

Ceiling Cat, boz uv al homies

Boz uv ltl d00dz, wivs, aliens, loggers & flooders

2 B Ceiling Cat homie, u has 2 swear

Swear by oldz d00dz Abrams, Isaks e Jacobz

Swear again. lolz

But stand upz, k?

Piramids r ours now k?

Piramids ppl hav false Ceiling animal munsters wiv them, boo

Dun pray 2 oda Ceiling animalz k? Tiz poizon us.

Now letz get drunk, k?

Ceiling Cat dun forgiv u k?

Bad Cat seprate, goes to Ceiling animal munsters ppl's place, plage goes there

Ltl d00dz got plages 2

Bad as Gomorra place

Evrbody is like WFT?

U is like: U lie wiv Ceiling Cat swear

Bad Ceiling Cat wiv lirz place k?

Vry Bad

Wut Ceiling Cat hasnt sed iz secrts. Ceiling Cat has al secrts fur him only k? Da rest iz fur cats an kitten. oBey Ceiling Cat!

undefined

Wen yu gets all deez cheezburgrz an stufs dat I gived yu, an yu taeks dem tu hart wer yu r,

an wen yu an ur kidz goz bac tu teh Ceiling Cat an lissens tu him wif everyfing yu gots,

den teh Ceiling Cat wil givs yu bac ur cheezburgrz an loev yu, an den yu can coem bac frum wer him putted yu.

Even if yu goed, liek, all teh way owt ov teh hows, teh Ceiling Cat stil brings yu bac.

Him gunna give yu ur daddeez land, liek srsly. An him gunna gives yu MOAR cheezburgrz den ur fadr.

Teh Ceiling Cat gunna cut off teh very tip ov ur penis, ecsept it gunna be on ur hart. Iz not no how dat wurk. LOLZ. But he gunna du it, so dat yu can loves him moar.

Teh Ceiling Cat gunna also maek all teh bad kittehs hav flees.

Den yu lissen tu him an all teh tings I tellz yu today.

Den teh Ceiling Cat maeks yu hav teh most cheezburgrz fr everyfing yu duz. An him be hapee tu giv yu dem, tu,

if yu lissen tu him an du teh stuf in hiz book an stuf. Liek, srsly, yu gots tu du dat.

Now, unles yu iz a total n00b or stoopdi or sumfing, den dis iz not hard.

Itz not on teh ceiling, so dat yu asks, "Hoo clims teh certan to gets it an tell it tu us?"

Itz not acros teh pond eeder, cuz dat wood be meen, cuz waturz iz bad.

No, teh wurd iz very neer; itz in ur mowth. LOLZ. Dat not very far. So yu gots to lissen tu it.

See, I gives yu lief an cheezburgrz today, but also deth an bad stufs.

Cuz Iz tellin yu tu loev teh Ceiling Cat, an du wut he sez; den yu wil liv an get biggr, an teh Ceiling Cat wil give yu teh cheezburgrz.

But if yu dont du dat, an if yu, liek, did it for anuddr god,

yu iz on teh list tu be pwnzord. Yu not gunna live fr long, an yu definitly not gettin cheezburgrz.

Did day I callz teh ceiling an teh urfs tu see me give yu lief an deth, cheezburgrz an bad stufs. LOLZ. Teh ceiling an teh urf cant see. So, yu gots tu choos lief, cuz uddrwiz yu gunna be pwnzord.

undefined

An den after Moses sed dese stuffs

he sed "d00dz, i am liek old nao. Ceiling Cat sed i not be goin across jordan rivr

But Ceiling Cat will go to da peepz over dere an make dem all ded an you can has all dere land an stuffs. Joshua is ur leeder nao cuz Ceiling Cat sed so.

Ceiling Cat will maeks dem ded liek Sihon an Og an Amorites.

And he will give da peepz to u and u doos wut i sez wif dem.

Be braev, dun be pussys."

Den Moses sed to Joshua "be braev cuz dese peeps was promisd da land.

Dun be a pussy."

so Moses writed it down for to put in Bible later.

Den he sed "evry 7th yeer when is da festivul of da shelterz,

you hafs to read dis laws to da peeps of Israel while Ceiling Cat is lookin.

Tell dem all to listen so they lernz that Ceiling Cat is scaree and dey haf to obay all his lawz.

You hafs to do dis becuz teh itteh bitteh kittehs who wuz just born not noez dat Ceiling Cat is scaree and dey hafs to lern."

Den Ceiling Cat sed to Moses "You is gonna die soon. Bring Joshua for to be comishuned." So Moses an Joshua went to da meeting plce.

An Ceiling Cat lukt thru da ceiling.

Den Ceiling Cat sed to Moses "Yous gonna die an den da kittehs will start listenin to Basement Cat o noes!!

"An den I be liek OMG why u not listen to Ceiling Cat?! An dere be evils an no cheezburgers an da kittehs be liek 'Ceiling Cat not be heer!!'

"But I be liek nooo is your falt u listen to Basement Cat.

"So rite down wut I sez plzkthx.

"Cuz when I bring dem to da land of noms and dey has eaten da cheezburgers and has a happie, den dey will start listenin to Basement Cat!!

"Den when da evils come an they not has a happie, they will see what you rote as proof!! I noes what they be plannin!!"

undefined

O Hai! ya ceiling, yuz deer? K, ai talk nao.

Mah lesunz fall lik teh wet frum skai and werdz lik doo, deyz water gras and plantz like rane.

Ai meowz teh naym ov CEILING CAT. Him so gret, givz us NOM NOM NOM.

Him teh rawk, him gud at evryttin. Ya ya, it trooz. Srsly.

Dem no respect CEILING CAT; Dem nu longr Him kittiez, but n00bz. Dem stoopid. Srsly

Dis hao U pai CEILING CAT, U n00bz? Iz Him ur daddy an maded U?

Dink ov ur daddies an granddaddies an stuffs. U sez hai 2 demz, dem tellz u gud story.

Wen teh gret CEILING CAT gaev nashunz dem gud NOMZ and haus, iz dun by numbr ov kittenz ov Izrael.

Teh Lord likz Jacob lotz.

undefined

Dis wut mosez sed to blesez teh peepul uv Izreal befur he dai,

"Ceiling Cat awlwaez bin der nd He has coemd with lots of holie d00ds from da sowfs wer He gots His mowntin slopes nd stuff.

Srsly, it Yu hoo luvz teh ppls; all dem holy d00ds ar in yo paw. Dem kisses yu paws, and yu tell dem wut doo,

Mosez gaevs us the law, teh litturbocs uv teh acymbalie uv Jacob.

Ceiling Cat waz top cat uv Jeshurun, which is Izreal, when da TOm catz of teh Izrealytes acymbalded, elong wit dems peeplez.

"Maeks Rubin kittehs not be go in da shour or him not has lots uv baebehs."

Dis whut Mosez saed bowt Jooda: "O hai, Ceiling Cat, hear yu the meow of Jooda; him bring to him peeplez. Him gards him coz wit him pawz. Pwn him puppehs, kthx!"

Abowt Lievi him say: "Yuz Thummin nd Urim is him hoo yuz gaevs cheezburgers. Yuz tesded him at Massah; yuz tri an taekd him ringyball at teh wattrboal of Meribah.

Him saed uv hims fadur nd mudur, 'Iz has no cur fur dems.' Him not noe how him bruders lookded leik or be lieked 'dees is mai keds,' butt him wachded ovr yuz wurds nd garded yuz cuvinint.

Him lerns yuz roolz to Jacob nd yuz loz to Izreal. Him awffurs catnip befur yuz nd hoal burnded meeces on yuz Ceiling Cat fewdboal.

Blesez all him skilz, O Ceiling Cat, nd be wit him wurk him doo wit him paws, kthx. Claw teh notty prts uv dem hoo tri nd taek himz cheezburgers; lae teh smak dwn awn himz emnimees til dems no moor can moovs."

undefined

Then the dood Moses climbed up up Mount Nebo liek it was a tree, cuz he climbed from the plains of Moab to the top of Pisgah, which is across from Jericho, just in case yur confused and stuff. There teh Ceiling Cat showed him teh whole territorah with him lazr eyes-- from Gilead to Dan,

all of Naphtali, the territorah of Ephraim and Manassah, all teh land of Judah as far as teh Western Sea,

teh Negav and teh whole region from teh valley of Jericho, teh City of Palms, as far as Zoar.  And

Thenn teh Ceiling cat seds to him, "This is teh cookie ai made for Abraham, Isaac, and Jacob when ai seds, 'Ai will giev it to yor kittehs!' Ai hab made yu this cookie, but yu can not eated it.

And Moses, who was pwned by Ceiling Cat, wuz ded there in Moab, and Ceiling Cat was like, "See, ai told you, srsly."

Ceiling Cat covered him ovre with urfs in teh litterbox of Moab, in teh litterbox beside Beth Poer,  but no litter scoop can find him. Srsly.

Moses wuz ten lives old when he wuz ded, yet he still had lazr eyes and could still pwn an unsuspecting kitteh.

The Chosen Kittehs were emokittehs and ate no cheezburgers or gushifud or cookies for thirteh days in the plains of Moab, until teh time for cheezburgers and gushifud and cookies returned and teh kittehs were emo no moar.

Now dat Moses wuz ded, Joshua son of Nun wuz filled with teh catuhtude, because Moses had lickz him with teh tung. So the Chosen Kittehs perked deir ears towards him and did what teh Ceiling Cat had told Moses.

Since then, no Seercat has sprung forth from teh Chosen Kittehs like Moses, upon which teh Ceiling Cat laid him lazr eyes,

who did all those plagues and stuff teh Ceiling Cat had him do in Egypt-- to Pharoah and to his   kittehs and to his whole territorah!

undefined

man wuz in teh hillz that look liek b00biez. him wuz Elkanah.

him has too wifes call Hannah an Penina. Penina can has kittehs, but Hannah no can has kittehs.

man gowai to shiloh to respect teh Ceiling Cat.

Elkanah maek cookies for Ceiling Cat and Penina and Peninas kittehs.

an maek moar cookies for Hannah coz Ceiling Cat maed her no can has kittehs.

Penina pwnz Hannah. Hannah r pwnz0rd.

same nex year an nex year.

Elkanah sez: Hannah, y r u pwnz0rd? y u no eat n'stuff? u no can has kittehs, but u can has me. i r srs huzband.

Hannah gowai to priest (him Eli) in Ceiling Cat's house.

Hannah sez: hai Ceiling Cat!

plz to give me kittehs, u can has dem laterz, k?

Eli see Hannah talkin to Ceiling Cat

an finks Hannah can has invisible b00ze

an pwnz0rs Hannah.

Hannah sez: DO NOT WANT! i r talk to Ceiling Cat!

ai r sad. srsly.

Eli sez: Ceiling Cat can help u.

Hannah gowai to Elkanah's base.

Elkanah and Hannah PENIS GOES WHERE? Ceiling Cat is watching dem.

Hannah can has kitteh call Samuel, cuz i ask fur cheezburger and all ai get is stupid tshirt.

Elkanah sez: ai go now to Ceiling Cat to gives hims shiney birfday gif.

an Hannah sez-NOES! I HAF MORE PRESHIOUS GIF FOR HIM!!! (lol) I GIV HIM MAI KITTEH SAMUEL!!!

Elkanah is liek w/e so so Hannah stays wif kitteh til he no want no more milks

wen he iz dun in her teatz, suckling her milks she say: OH HAI down der kitteh come with me an bring sum b00ze n stuff we r crashing at shiloh for bit

then they killed bull for sum reasons

an Hannah sez: hai to Ceiling Cat lol?

...................................................OH HAI TO U!!!

undefined

Hannah prayz n sez:
"Ai ♥ Ceiling Cat
wif Ceiling Cat mah milk is spilt waaaaaay hai
ai hiss wunss an dogz runz awayz...i win!
iz liek yu scratchin' ma bellie all dayz

no kitteh iz az gud az Ceiling Cat.

don be all "ai pwnz0r" bcuz Ceiling Cat iz watchin yu, an him noez da troof.

da klawz ov da big kittehz iz klipt off to da kwik, an evn da bigist kittehz git all tipsi liek wif katnip.

kittehz dat haz milks r all "WANT MOR MILK" cuz da milk got all drinktid, an dey need get jobz to bai mor.
but kittehz wit no milks... dey ken haz milks! hooray!!!eleven!!
kittehz wit no babehz now gots seben lil kittehz,
but mama kittehz hoo haz meni kittehz r full ov sad cuz now haz no kittehz at all.

Ceiling Cat iz da wun hoo kill, an da wun hoo say "O hai."

Ceiling Cat givz much fud to sum kittehz an frum oddrz taek all fud awey.
Him maek sum kittehz sit out in da reyn an let sum lai on da big bed.

wehn kittehz iz hav no toyz, Ceiling Cat givz meni toyz an evn much fud.
Him let da kittehz sit at da tebl next to da milk-bringin man.  Him let da kittehz sit on da big cheyr.

Ceiling Cat maek gud soft paf fer him kittehz.  but da ebol kittehz git puttid outsied at niet evn in da reyn, an da mastr no lissn to deyr yowlz.

kittehz dat try to catfiet wif Ceiling Cat iz so stoopid, bcuz him wil pwnz0r them.  Him ken pwn them evn frum Ceiling.
Him noez hoo iz gud kitteh an hoo iz bad kitteh.
Ceiling Cat iz maek hiz kittehz strong, so dey ken pwn da bad kittehz too.

den Elkanah went home to ramah, but teh boi ministerd befor teh lord undr Eli teh priest.

Elis sons wuz wickd doodz; dem no regard for Ceiling Cat. srsly.

nao it wuz leik wif priests an peeps, wehn NEone offerd cookies an weil teh meat wuz bean boild, teh priests survent wud come, wif three-prongd fork in hims hand.

an him wud stik it in teh pot, an teh priest wud taek for hims w/e teh fork got. dis ar how dems treatd ALL teh israelitez hoo caem to shiloh. srsly.

an but even befoar teh fat wuz burnd, teh priests survent wud come an say to sacrifeicn dood: "giv teh priest sum meat to roste; he won taek boild meat frum u, only raw. k? srsly."

if teh dood sed, "let teh fat be burnd up furst, den taek w/e u wants," teh servant wud anzwr, "no, u gives it nao; if u doan, ill taek by force."

dis invisible error wuz ttly srs to Ceiling Cat, cuz dem [d] no respect cookehs offrin to Ceiling Cat.

but Samuel wuz ministerin before Ceiling Cat - a boi wearin linen efod.

each yeer hims mama maed him lil robe an taekd it to him when her went wif her husband to offr teh yeerly sacrifeic.

Eli wud bles Elkanah an his wif, sayin: "cud Ceiling Cat plz givs kittehs to dis woman to replace teh wan she prayd for an den gaev to Ceiling Cat." den dems wud go home.

an Ceiling Cat wuz grashus to Hannah; her can has gaev birf to three bois an two girlz. an, teh boi Samuel grew up in da presence ov Ceiling Cat.

nao so Eli, hoo wuz rly rly old, herd bout evrythin his bois wuz doin to all israel an dat they slept wif teh women hoo servd at teh entrance to teh tent ov meetin and evrythihn.

so hims sed: "y do u do such things? i hear frum all teh peeps bout thees ttly wickd deedz ov yers.

no, mah sons; it not gud storees dat i hear among Ceiling Cats peeps. srsly.

if kitteh nvisibel err0r gainst othr kitteh, Ceilin Cat [e] cud mediate - but if kitteh nvsibel err0rz agenst Ceiling Cat, hoo can has do NEthing?" hims bois did not listn, for it wuz Ceiling Cat will pwnz0r dems.

an teh boi Samuel continud to grow in stachur an in favor wif Ceiling Cat an wif doodz.

nao man ov Ceilin Cat came to Eli an sed: "dis ar teh wut Ceiling Cat sez: did i not ttly reveal maiself to ur dads houz when they wuz in egypt undr faraoh?

ai chose ur fathr out ov all teh tribez ov israel to be mah priest, an go up to mah alter, an burn nsenses, an wear efod in mah prezense. also ttly gaev ur dads houz all teh offrins maed wif fire by teh israelitez. srsly.

y do u [f] dis mah sacrifeic an offrin dat ai has for mah base? y do u honor ur bois moar than meh by fattenin yourselvs on teh nom parts ov evry offrin maed by mah peeps israel?

"therefore Ceiling Cat sez: Ai promisd dat ur houz an ur dads houz wud ministr before me forevr. but nao Ceiling Cat sez!! dose hoo honor me Iz gonna honor, but dose hoo r dis Meh r be disst. srsly.

teh tiem iz comin when Iz gonna cut short ur strength, an teh strength ov ur dads houz, an ther will not be an old d00d in ur peeps!!

an u will c distres in mah dwellin! an though gud will be dun to israel, in ur pplz line thar will nevr be an old man. srsly.

evry wan ov u dat i no cut off frum mah altar will be spard only to blind ur eyez wif tears an to grieve ur ♥, an all ur descendants will dye in teh preim ov leif.

" an wut happens to ur too sons, Hofni an Finehas, will be sign to u they will both dye on same dai. srsly.

iz gonna raize for maiself faithful preest, hoo will do wuts in mah hart an mind. iz gonna maek hims base strong, an he will ministr before mah anointd wan always.

undefined

Teh kidz Samuel lieks teh Ceiling Cat and makes him teh cookies wif Eli they r teh frenz. Teh Ceiling Cat sez no stuffs no moar to teh ppl and tehy no sees teh stuffs no moar of teh Ceiling cat.

So liek Eli no sees teh stuffs and he iz lied down.

Tehy no turnz off teh litez and Samuel iz in teh Ceiling Cats places.

And teh Ceiling Cat sez "Hay Samuel." And Samuel sez "Oh hai!"

And he wents to Eli and sez "Oh hai, u sez sumthing?" and Eli sez "Do not want. u sleepz now, k?" and Samuel sez "k."

And teh Ceiling Cat sez "Hay Samuel." And Samuel wents to Eli and sez "Oh hai, is can be hugz tiem now plz?" and Eli sez "Stil do not want. u sleepz now, srsly."

Samuel is liek, "Eli? Wtf?" becuz teh Ceiling Cat sez no stuffs to Samuel an he has no heard teh Ceiling Cat befor.

Teh Ceiling Cat sez teh thrid tiems "hay," and Samuel sez to Eli, "Srsly, wtf?" and Eli sez, "Oh, iz teh Ceiling Cat!"

And Eli sez, "K, u sleepz naow, and ifs teh Ceiling Cat sez stuffs gen, u sez, 'Hai.'" So Samuel iz lied down, k?

And teh Ceiling Cat sez wun moar tiem, "Hay Samuel" and Samuel sez "Oh hai Ceiling Cat."

Teh Ceiling Cat sez, "Naow I sez sumthing teh ppl no lieks.

Dis Eli, I dun liek him no moar, and I alwaes sez I dun liek hims familyz.

I goin taeks dis Eli and den I goin eates him becuz his kidz r noobs and he iz stoopid too.

Iz no gud. Eli no kin taeks teh animulz and killz tehm to maeks it bettr no moar."

Den Samuel sit in hiz bed til morning. Den he openz doorz of da hous but him no want tell Eli of da stuffs dat Ceiling Cat sayz him.

But Eli no lieks dis plan and he sayz, "Hai, Samuel mai son," and Samuel sayz, "Oh, hai."

"Tellz me what sayz Ceiling Cat. If u hidez nething, I tellz Ceiling Cat ta smitez u, oklol?"

So Samuelz liek, "Okai," and den he tellz.

Den Samuel groz frum kitteh to big cat, and Ceiling Cat keep hiz wordz frum fallin on da ground. He musta eated or caughted dem or sumthin.

Becauz of dis, all ta peoplez frum Dan to Beersheba knowz dat Samuel speakz for Ceiling Cat.

undefined

Samuel givez hiz wordz to Izzy and Izzy went ta fihgt Phil. They both makez campz, k?

Phil pwns Izzy. He killz liek 4000 of dem.

Thoz that no diez r liek, "Ceiling Cat, WTF? Why we pwnd by those n00bs? Okai, maibe if we bring the Litteh Box, we winz tomorrow, k?" Ceiling Cat is liek, "lol no," but saiz nothin.

So da ppl go ta Shiloh to get Litteh Box and dey make Eli's n00b sons carry it. Litteh Box haz angelz and stuffs on it.

Da ppl of Izzy yellz when dey see da Litteh Box.

Was loud, so Phil iz liek "Wat dis noize?"

Wen Phil learnz dat Izzy haz Litteh Box, dey liek, "Diz sukz. We no haz chance now."

Also sayz, "Dis iz da Ceiling Cat dat smitez Egypt."

Also sayz dat need fight good, k?

So dey fight, but Phil pwns Izzy again lol.

Watz moar, dey take Litteh Box and Eliz 2 sons are made liek dead.

ttly same dai, Benjamite ran frum battle an went to shiloh, wif threds tornd an dust on his hed, srsly.

he got thar an Eli was sittin on hims chayr by teh side ov teh road, watchin - his hart feard for da Ark ov Ceilin Cat - an wen dood enterd town an told wut happend, teh whole town had a cries, srsly.

Eli herd cry an askd "wut tihs?" an teh dood hurrid to Eli,

(hoo wuz rly rly old an who cud not c)

an told Eli, "jus come frum battle nao!" an Eli sed "waht happen?"

an dood sed, "israel fld befor teh filistinez an teh army has sufferd heavy losez, an ur boi kittehs Hofni an Finehas r teh ded, an teh Ark ov Ceilin Cat iz wuz capturd, srsly"

an when he menshund teh Ark ov Ceilin Cat, Eli fell bakward off his chayr. hims neck wuz brokd an he deid, for he wuz leik old old dood an leik, heavy. he had led [b] israel forty yeers.

his dottr-in-law, teh wife ov Finehas, wuz pregnant an near teh tiem ov birfs. wen she herd dat teh Ark ov Ceilin Cat had been stold an dat her dad-in-law an her huzbnd wuz teh ded, she gaev birf leik all ov a sudden, but wuz ttly overcome by her labor pains, srsly.

an she wuz dyin, an teh women attendin her sed "doan despair; u has given birf too son." but she did not respond or pai any attenshun.

an she namd teh boi Ichabod, [c] sayin, "teh glory has departd frum israel" cuz ov teh capchur ov teh Ark ov Ceilin Cat an teh deafs ov her dad-in-law an huzbnd.

undefined

So den Phil takes Ceiling Catz Holi Catbed an givez it to Ashdod. It useta be in Ebeneezer but they puts it smoplace else cause Ebeneezur sounds st00pid.

An then Phil is all liek, ware we gonna put dis thing so is all cozy for Ceiling Cat? Den dey rememberz dey gots all dis xtra room over in teh Dagonz hous. So dey puts it next to teh Dagon.

Den Ashdod goes for teh mornin kibble and dey is all liek whoa! Teh Dagon falls down! Riet next to teh Ceiling Catz Holi Catbed! WTF? Sokay, they fixted Dagon.

So den the next day when dey goes for teh moarnin kibble dey is all liek OMG! Teh Dagon falls down again!!!1! Srsly, WTF!!!?!??! An teh Dagonz hed an teh pawz is broked on teh draft blocker!!1!1 Whut we gonna do wif a hedless Dagon?!?

Dats how come dey doesnt step on teh draft blocker in Dagonz howse, even if dey is bringin him cheezburgerz or sumthin else.

Teh Ceiling Cat puts his paw on teh kittehs in Ashdod and stepps down REAL HARD. PWND! An den he givz dem itchybutts. And fuds. Dat not sound so bad, but dere wuz too much fudz for kittehs to eatz dem all, and dey eated all the ppl fudz! An kibbles. An dere was this bunch o kittehs dat wuz liek We doesnt even live in Ashdod!!! Okeh, we goes shoppin dere an stuffs when we needz more kibbles, but we jus visitin!!! Srsly!!1! Dey gots itchybutts too.

So teh kittehs in Ashdod gets tired of scritchin dere butts all teh tiem an sez Teh Holi Catbed of Izzys Ceiling Cat DO NOT WANT!!!1! We gots itchybutts!!11! An hedless Dagon!!!!1!

Den dey went and gots all teh boss lvl Phils and sez HALP! You is teh boss of us! Teh Holi Catbed of Izzys Ceiling Cat DO NOT WANT!!!! Srlsy. Teh boss lvl Phils sez to chill and stuff, and use Preperashun H, and gives Teh Holi Catbed of Izzys Ceiling Cat to Gath. An dey found a place in Gath where they can puts it an nobudy gonna trip on it.

When dey brung it to Gath, Ceiling Cat is liek Supprize! Pwnd!! U gets itchybutts AN teh itchy harbls! Rawr! lol

Den tey sez Ekron can has teh Ceiling Catz Holi Catbed. Teh kittehs in Ekron sees teh Litterbox comin and sez NOOOOOO!! Dey brings teh Holi Catbed of Izzyz Ceiling Cat to pwn us! DO NOT WANT!!!1!!1one

So dey goes an gets all teh boss lvl Phils and sez Give Izzy back the Ceiling Catz Holi Catbed so dey can puts it next to da fierplace or whatever. lol. An mebbe we dont get totally pwnd den. Cause dey was already bein pwnd cause Ceiling Cat puts da paw on them and steps down SRSLY HARD!!1!

undefined

+ teh ceiling catz holi litrbox is in Filibusters house fr liek 7 mnths. Srsly.

+ teh Filibusters aks teh ppl what petz teh ceiling cat + teh vets + theyr all liek "ceiling cats holi litrbox DO NOT WANT!!!! tel us wt 2 do w/it pls, n we do that."

The're all "make it gowai, but send sum gif w/it 2 say sry, n yu no has itchybutts no more, n yu no y ceiling cat makes diz happenz."

+ theyr all "wt we giv 4 gif 2 sai sry?" n they say "maek sum arsegrapez fm gold, n sum meecez as wel, same numbrz as numberz of bosses of teh Filibusters, 4 dis happendz to teh bosses n evrybdy else 2.

So if yu maek teh arsegrapez n teh meecez 2 respect ceiling cat, mbe ceiling cat not stepz down so hard. we just say dat. k, we sed it agen.

y 4 yu put out yr clawz like teh boss f teh Eejits? Did not Ceiling Cat not let m go after he plai w/them?

so get new truck n getz 2 moocows 2 drive itz, but keep teh baby moocows.

+ put teh litrbox in a box, n put teh box in teh truck w/teh gifs 2 say sry, + letm go.

+ if it goez to Beth-Shemesh in Ceiling Cat country we no iz Ceiling Cat what is doez dis 2 us. But if it goez sumplace else, we no iz not ceiling cat n we got itchybutts just coz."

so dey do dat, n put teh moocows in teh truck, n keepz teh baby moocows.

+ tehy put teh holi litrbox in teh truck, n teh box wif teh golden meecez n teh golden arsegrapes. We sai dis already. Get on w/it.

+ teh moocws drive truck strate to Beth-Shemesh, goin moo all teh tiem. Liek they spose 2 go meow r smthn????? w/e. + dey no go left r rite, n teh Filibusters bosses folowz dem 2 just b4 ceiling cat country.

+teh ppeps in Beth-Shemesh mowin teh lawn, + teyh see teh litrbox in teh truck, n tehyz happyz.

n teh moocwos crash teh truck into a big rock in Josh's garden, teh peeps blow up teh truck n set moocows on fier becz they think that maek celiling cat happy fr sum rsn. ??

n teh levites (tey be teh gaiz fm teh jeans ads? i duno) got teh litrbox n teh gifs 4 say sry n put dem on teh big rock in Josh's garden, + teh ppl giv ceiling cat cheezbrgrs but dey burnded dem fr sum rsn.

n wen teh 5 Filibusters bosses sawed it, theyr liek WTF??? n dey goez back to deyr house.

Luk at dese gold arsegrapes wot Filibusters made 2 say sry 2 ceiling cat! arnt tehy prity? 1 4 Asdod, 1 4 Gazza, 1 4 Askelon, 1 4 Gath, 1 4 Ekron

+ luk at teh gold meecez 2! 1 4 evry Filibuster house n catbed n garden n everythng. N luk at teh big rock in Josh's garden wer dey put ceiling cats litrbox 2 remembr what happendz 2day.

N Ceiling Cat PWNZ sum peeps coz tehy looked in his litrbox, liek 70 f dem! Spose Ceiling Cat has hiz dignity. U want ppl lukin at yr poop?  But othr ppl full of sad bcz they frenz all ded.

+ teh ppl of Beth-Shemesh are all liek, ceiling cat DO NOT WANT!!!!! Gowai!!!!!

undefined

an so teh doodz ov kiriath jearim came an took up teh Ark ov Ceiling Cat. dems took it to abinadabs houz on teh hill an consecratd Eleazar his son to gard teh Ark ov Ceiling Cat. srsly.

it wuz long tiem, twenty yeers, an teh Ark stayd at kiriath jearim, an all teh peeps ov israel mournd an sought aftr Ceiling Cat. srsly.

an Samuel sed to teh whole houz ov israel: "if u r returnin to Ceiling Cat wif all ur hearts, den rid yourselvez ov teh foreign godz an teh ashtoreths an evryting an commit yourselvez to Ceiling Cat an serve him only an he will delivr u out ov teh hand ov teh filistinez"

an so teh israelitez put away teihr baals an ashtoreths, an servd only Ceiling Cat.

an so Samuel sed, "get all israel at mizpah an iz gon talk wif Ceiling Cat for u."

an tehy got all togethr at mizpah, an drew watr an pourd it out before Ceiling Cat, an fastd an confesd "has envisibel err0rrrd gainst Ceiling Cat" an Samuel wuz leadr [a] ov all israel at mizpah.

wehn teh filistinez herd dat israel had assembld at mizpah, teh rulers ov teh filistinez caem to pwnz0r dems. an wehn teh israelitez herd, they wuz afraid ov teh filistinez.

an they sed to Samuel, "do not stop cryin out to Ceilin Cat cuz He can has rescue us frum teh filistinez, srsly."

den samuel took sucklin lamb an burnded it as offrin to Ceiling Cat an has a creid to Ceiling Cat for israel, an Ceiling Cat anzw0rd him, srsly.

an while Samuel wuz sacrificin teh burnt offerin, teh filistinez got close to pwn israel. but Ceiling Cat thunderd wif loud thundr gainst teh filistinez an threw dems into panic an dems wuz ttly stund before teh israelitez, srsly.

teh doodz ov israel rushd out ov mizpah an pursud teh filistinez, PWNZ0rrr them to point below beth car.

an samuel took stone an set it up tween mizpah an shen. an namd it ebenezr, [b] sayin "thus far did Ceiling Cat halp us."

an so teh filistinez wuz subdud an did not invade israelite territory again. an so in Samuels leifteim, teh paw ov Ceiling Cat wuz against teh filistinez.

teh towns frum ekron to gath dat teh filistinez had capturd frum israel wuz restord to israel, an israel pwnd teh neighborin territory frum teh pwnage ov teh filistinez. an thar wuz peace tween israel an teh amoritez.

Samuel continud as judge ovar israel all teh dais ov his life.

frum yeer to yeer he went frum bethel to gilgal to mizpah, judgin israel in all dose placez.

undefined

Wen Samuel growd uld, he maek for hiz sunz be judgz of Izrael.

Teh first one hiz sunz namz Joel n teh second calld Abijah n dey servz at Beersheba.

But dey not to walk in the feetmarks of thar daddyz. they want instead for to get cheezburger. for to get cheezburger of others. for to get cheezburger wrong.

teh peoplez of Israel cum to Samuel n r like

“d00d, ur liek rly old n ur sunz iz bad. Srsly. give kingz to us for to make us like teh uther peoplez.”

wen teh peoplez say “giv kingz for us” Samuel waz like “oh noes!” n sad he go to pray to Ceiling Cat.

n Ceiling Cat say “srsly. listen ta wut dey sez. iz not u dey no liek. iz Ceiling Cat dey not want.

Haz dun this seence Egypt. dey liek cheezburgr. liek uthers not Ceiling Cat. now dey wantz king. Srsly. not ur problm. iz me.

give king but tell dem wut kingz gunna do to dem.”

n samuel taek Ceiling Cat’s wurdz n sez

“thiz wut king do: king takes ur sunz n make dem to ride invisible bike in frunt of da king in battle, in frunt of hiz bike.

he make dem to lead other peoplez into fight n for uthers to grow for him foodz n mor for maek swordz for to fightz.

n king taeks ur doters n maeks dem to maek him cookie but dem not to eat it.

taekz best foodz n landz for to give to hiz buddiez.

he taekz bst evrythng. srsly.

peoplez, teh cowz, teh donkeyz for hiz

n sheepz n u too, btw.

srsly. u will sez to Ceiling Cat 'S’no good! DO NOT WANT king!' n Ceiling Cat not do nothin. cuz u wntd teh king, lol."

but teh peoplez sez ta samuel, “srsly. stfu. DO WANT king.

DO WANT for ta be like teh uthers. want king for to leed teh battelz.”

samuel hearz teh peoplez. still not liek. he repeetz wut dey sez for Ceiling Cat.

undefined

So, thar wuz dis Benjamite, Kish,

an him had son namd Saul, hoo mayde all teh othr Israelitez look liek total n00bs, SRSLY.  Hee wuz so biig he cuold see ovr teh heds uv odder kittehs wiffowt jumpin.

Nao Kish's dawnkeys wuz lost, an Kish sed 2 Saul, "Taek wan ov teh servunts wif U an go an look 4 da donkiis, or else U go 2 bed wiffowt din-dins."

So him lookd all ovar, usin GPS, Google Israel, an they even stoppd at dat gros Gas Stashun near teh Arbys, but they did not find them.

When they reachd teh district ov Zuph, Saul became HOOJ n00b an sed 2 teh servant, "Come, let's go bak before Daddy starz gettin worrid."

But teh servant sed, "Look, U n00b, in dis town thar iz dis wan d00d, an evrythin he sez comez true cuz he tawks 2 Ceiling Cat. Lets go ask him wer they r, or iz dat 2 scary 4 U?"

Saul den jus moand an whind abowt haffin nuffin 2 giv 2 teh kitteh hoo tawks to Ceiling Cat, til teh servant slapped him acros teh face.

Teh servant apologizd an did anythin 2 stop teh whiny brat fum cryin. "Look," him sed, "I has shiny quartr. Im gonna giv it 2 teh man of Ceilin Cat so dat he will tell us wut wai 2 taek."

(A man ov Ceilin Cat iz calld Seer in da olden tiems)

"RLY?" Saul sed 2 him servunt. "RLY RLY!" sed teh servunt, so dey set owt 4 da town wer teh man ov Ceilin Cat wuz.

As they wuz skippin merrily 2 teh town, they met sum HAWT babez comin out 2 draw watr, an they askd them, "Iz teh Seer heer?, an R U bizzy later?"

"Him iz," they anzwerd. "Him ahead ov U. Hurreh nao; him has jus come 2 r town todai, 4 da kittehs has sacerfice at teh high place.

As soon as U entr teh town, U will find him before he goez up 2 teh high place 2 eat. Teh peeps will nawt beegin eatin til he comez, cuz he must bles teh sacerfice; Afterwurd, dose hoo R invitd will eat. Go nao; U shud find him bout dis tiem, an SRSLY, weer srsly bizzy later so doan cum bak."

So Saul an teh servunt kitteh wen in2 taown, an tehy foun Samuel dere.

Flashbak!: Teh day B4 Ceiling Cat meowed to Samuel "Sammy me boy, tomorra U'll meet a kitteh frum  Benjamin.

Taht kitteh iz noo bosskat kyng uv Israel.  Fling oil at himm in mai naem.  Teh kittehs uv Israel prey 2 mee real guud an I send em boss-kat so tehy can has defeet uv Philistines."  End flashbak.

So wen Samuel seez Saul, Ceiling Cat 2 Samuel sez "Psst!  Its him, its him.  Teh noo kyng.  Goan tok 2 him, K!"

Saul sez to Samuel "Oh Hai!  Hoo is seer heer?  Iz this teh rite howse?

Samuel meows "Dats mee! Cum an eetz fuud an blessd cookies wif us.  Nom nom nom!  Tomorry yooz leeves for hoam.  Ize gots lots 2 tellz yooz.

An Hey!  We foun yr dawnkiis.  Srsly!  Frum nao on, ure fambli will B teh most impotant in Israel."

Saul meowed "No wai.  I no can beleef taht.  Mah traib, teh Benjamites, iz smalles in Israel."

Tehn Samuel can haz Saul an iz servunt in hiz dining ruum 4 nom-noms.  Ther wuz manni odder kittehs ther, at leest 30.

Samuel meowed to teh kook "Oh Hai! We can haz naice tastee meet you hid awai 4 uz?

So teh kook hawld out teh meet and set it afore Samuel. Samuel sed to Saul "This iz delishus meet.  We must eet it."  So Saul chowed daown srsly!

So tehn Saul went hoam wif Samuel an sat on teh ruuf uv hiz howse, and tawkd all nite abowt Ceiling Cat an teh Israelite hockee Leeg an stuf.

Teh nex dae, Samuel sez "We haz nais vizit.  Taim 4 U 2 goez nao."

undefined

So Sam getz bottle of cooking oyl and washded his hair wif it, and like smoochded him n sed "teh Ceiling Cat not has washded yous hair n maded you teh boss of Izreel? N you be boss of all teh Ceiling Cat's kittehs, n savedz dem from gettn chasd by dogz n stuf? Rly. N this showz ppl teh Ceiling Cat washded yous hair n maked you teh boss of all hz kittehs.

Yu go way n hang wif 2 d00dz nr wer dey beryd Rachl in shubox in Ben n Zelzah's garden, n dey say "yr pops finded teh dunkeys wot yu l00kn fr, n he cd care less bout teh dunkeys nao, n iz waitn up fr yu. He sez, 'what 2 do bout mi kitteh?'

Then yu clime up teh tree of Tabor n hang wiv 3 d00dz goin 2 hang wif teh Ceiling Cat in Bethl, n 1 d00d got 3 kittehs, n othr d00d got 3 cheezburgrs, n othr 1 got teh booze.

N dey say oh hai n gif yu 2 cheezbrgerz n yu say thnx d00dz, l8r.

N den wen yu getz daon fm teh tree yu go to place wiv rly stupid name, callded Gib'eathelohim. Srsly. Place must hav big sign or smthn. Bunch of filibusters tehre. Wen u getz tehre yu meetz a bunch of happy-clappiez comin frm place up hai wif gitarz n tambureenz n stufz, singin n bein all happy-clappy n stufz.

N den yu be full of Ceiling Cat stuf, n yu be happy-clappy liek tehm n be like sum uthr cat ntirely, like teh incredibl hulk or sumthn. Srsly.

Wen all dese things happenz, let ur handz do whtevr yr handz liek 2 do, liek rub teh Celing Cat's belly n scrach hiz earses, coz teh Ceiling Cat be dere wiv yu. 4 rl.

N den yu go 2 Gilgal b4 I getz dere, n wen I getz dere i giv Ceiling Cat cheezburgrs n cookiez n stufs so Ceiling Cat doez not eated us. Yu b tehre a weeek b4 i getz dere n tel yu wat 2 do netx."

So he goez way fm Sam, n Ceiling Cat rubz hiz belly, n all teh things Sam sed happended.

Tehy go to Gibeah, n luk! a bunch f happy-clappiez show up, n he getz ful of Ceiling Cat stuf n goes all happy-clappy liek tehm.

N all hiz homeys saw him goin all happy-clappy n sez "luk at Kish's kitteh! Iz Saul a happy-clappy now?"

N sum d00d frm tehre sez "who's teh daddy?" N it gets printed on tshrts n mousemats n stuf, n evrybdyz sayin it.

N wen he had enuf happy-clappy stuf he clims a tree.

Wen Saul n his servnt getz back his uncle's like "were yu been? You treet dis place liek hotel etc." N Saul sez "we been lukin fr teh dunkeys, but we cd not finded dem, n den we saw Sam."

N Saul's uncle was like "oh yeh? N what Sam did telld yu?"

N Saul's like "he sez pops founded teh dunkeys." But Saul not did sed nothing bout bein boss, liek what Sam tolded him. He keepz his mouth zipped.

So Sam getz all teh kittehs to hang at Mizpah,

n he's like "Ceiling Cat giv me messg 2 giv 2 youz gaiz. Ceiling Cat sez, rmembr how I gave yu ride back frm Eejit, n saved youz frm gettn chased by teh Eejit dogz n teh other dogz n stuf?

So wy for yu no talk to Ceiling Cat no more? Ceiling Cat iz gud 2 yu, n givs yu cheezbrgrs n cookies n stufs, but yu say we no want Ceiling Cat, we want a boss! So evrybdy line up in frnt ov me by yr breeds.

So Sam gets all teh breeds ov kittehs of Izreel, n putz all tehir namez in a hat n pix 1, n its Ben.

N he puts all teh namez of teh litterz ov Ben kittehs in teh hat n pix 1, n its teh litter ov teh Matrites. N den he putz all teh names of teh Matrites in teh hat n pix 1, n its Saul. Srsly. N dey luk for Saul, but dey cd not finded him.

N dey aks teh Ceiling Cat, "wherz he haydn?" n teh Ceiling Cat's liek "he'z over tehre, luk!"

N dey chasd him n catchded him, n dey put him netx to teh other kitteh's, n he's liek so much bigger than tehj othrs, liek the'yre only up to here and he's away up tehre.

N Sam's all "Luk! Ceiling Cat pickded him! Ceiling Cat is so cool." N all teh kitteh's say "you teh boss! way 2 go d00d!"

N Sam telz evrybdy what teh boss is sposd 2 do, n he rites it all down in a buk like this thick, n Ceiling Cat happy. D den Sam's all "evry1 go home now, it's bedtime."

N Saul goez home too 2 Gibeah were hiz house iz, n bunch ov c00l d00dz who got tehir bellies rubbed by teh Ceiling Cat goez home wiv him.

undefined

So Nahash whooz a ammonite or a trilobite or a tribble or smthn, goez n does a seej at sum place callded Jabesh-Gilead, n de ppl of Jabesh-Gilead are all liek "if you go way, we giv u cheezbrgers n rub yr belly".

But Nahash the tribble sez "i only go way if I cn poke out all your rite aiz, n maek yu luk stupid n frunt ov Izreel."

N teh grown-ups of Jabesh-Gilead sez "give us a week 2 send fr our frenz to kick yur as. If theyz no cm n save us, yu cn poke out our aiz n evrythng."

N ther messingrs come to Gibeah wer Saul livz, n tell evrybody, n the'yre all like OMFG!!!!!!!

N Saul's out in teh feeldz wif teh moocows, n he cumz back n hez all like "wassup wif evrybdy?" N dey tellded him bout wat's hapnin in Jabesh-Gilead.

N Saul getz full of Ceiling Cat stuf, n hez pissed. Srsly.

He taeks teh moocows n minces m up into hambrgers, but he did not eated dem, he sendz ppl wif teh hambrgers to all teh kittehs in Izreel, n sez 2 tell m if dey don't come w/Saul n Sam he'l mince up dey're moocows in2 hmbergurs 2. teh kittehs all scaerd of Ceiling Cat, so dey all cum out.

he bringz m all 2 Bezek, loadz n loadz of dem. 1/2 fm Izreel n 1/2 fm Jooda, even tho the'yre teh same thing at tihs point in teh Baibl. I duno. i not rite dis.

N dey say to messingrs, "moro, b4 lunchtaim wen iz taim 2 get out f bed, we savez yu." N teh messingers told teh ppl in Jabesh-Gilead, n tehyz happy.

So dey say "tmoro yu can do wat yu liekz wv us. onest."

N netx dai Saul maeks 3 gangz f all teh kittehs, n tehy goez 2 teh tribbles baskets n PWNZ dem! coz dey still sleepz coz iz not lunchtaim yetz. N dey all run away n not never see none f dem agen.

N teh ppl sez 2 Sam "so iz Saul teh boss f us? Getz teh tribbles, coz we wantz 2 killz dem!"

But Saul's liek "no killen dem, coz Ceiling Cat savedz us n he says so n he's teh best."

n Sam sez 2 teh peeps, "Parteh at Gilgal!!!!!!! Letz make Saul boss agen."

undefined

an so Samuel sed to all israel,
"ai has listend to evrythin u sed to me an has set king ovar u.

nao u has king as ur leadr. an nao ai iz old an gray, an mah sons r her wif u. an ai has been ur leadr frum youfs til nao.

her i stand. testefei against me in da presence ov Ceiling Cat an his anointd. whos ox has ai taken? whos donkee has ai taken? whom has ai cheatd? whom has ai oppresd? frum whose paw has i acceptd bribe an shut mah eyez? if i has dun any ov thees, iz gon mak it rite, srsly."

"u has not cheatd or oppresd us, srsly." they replid. "u has not taken anythin frum anyonez paw."

an Samuel sed "Celing Cat iz witnes against u, an also his anointd iz witnes, dat u has not findz anythin in mah paw." "he iz witnes, srsly" they sed.

den Samuel sed "it Ceiling Cat hoo appointd Moses an Aaron an brought ur foredads up out ov egypt.

nao den, stand her, cuz ai iz gon to confront u wif evidence befor Ceiling Cat as to all teh reitchuss acts performd by Ceiling Cat for u doods an ur dads.

"aftr Jacob enterd egypt, they crid to Ceiling for halp, an Ceiling Cat sent Mosez an Aaron, hoo brought ur foredads out ov egypt an settld them in dis place.

"but they forgot Ceilin Cat; so he sold them into teh paw ov Sisera, teh commandr ov teh army ov hazor, an into teh hanz ov teh filistinez an teh king ov moab, hoo fought against them.

they crid out to Ceiling Cat an sed we has sinnd! we has forsaken Celing Cat an servd teh baals an teh ashtoreths! but nao delivr us frum teh hanz ov r enemiez, an we will serve u, srsly.

den Ceiling Cat sent Jerub-Baal, [a] Barak, [b] Jefthah an Samuel, [c] an he deliverd u frum teh pawz ov ur enemiez on evry side, so dat u livd securely.

"but when u saw dat Nahash king ov teh ammonitez wuz movin against u, u sed to me, no, we wants king to rule ovar us - even though Ceilin Cat wuz ur king.

nao her iz teh king u has chosen, teh wan u askd for; c, Ceiling Cat has set king ovar u, k?

if u fear Ceiling Cat an serve an obei him an do not rebel against his commandz, an if both u an teh king hoo reigns ovar u follow Ceilin Cat - gud! srsly!

but if u do not obei Ceiling Cat, an if u rebel against his commandz, his paw will be against u, as it wuz against ur dads.

"nao den, stand still an c wut Ceiling Cat iz bout to do befor ur eyez!

iz not wheat harvest nao? iz gon call upon Ceiling Cat to send thundr an rane. an u will realize wut invisibel err0r u did in da eyez ov Ceiling Cat when u askd for king."

den Samuel calld upon Ceiling Cat, an dat same dai teh lord sent thundr an rane an so all teh peeps stood in awe ov Ceiling Cat an ov Samuel. srsly.

teh peeps all sed to Samuel, "pray to Ceilin Cat for ur servants so dat we will not dye, for we has addd to all r othr invisible err0r teh evil ov askin for king."

"dont has feerd," Samuel replid. "u has dun all envisllbel err0r; yet do not turn away frum Ceiling Cat, but serve Ceiling Cat wif all ur hart.

do not turn away aftr useles idols. dems can do u no gud, nor can they rescue u, cuz dem r useles. srsly.

for da saek ov his great naym Ceiling Cat will not reject his peeps, cuz has pleezd to mak u his own.

as for meh, i wont envisibel err0r gainst Ceiling Cat by not prayin for yous. an iz gon teach u teh wai dat iz gud an rite, srsly.

but be sure to fear Ceiling Cat! an serve him faithfully wif all ur hart! considr wut great things he has dun for u.

undefined

Saul wuz thirty[a] yeers old wehn he became king, him reignd ovar israel forty-[b]too yeers.

Saul [c] chose three-thousand doodz frum israel; two-thousand wuz wif him at micmash an in da hill country ov bethel, an thousand wuz wif Jonathan at gibeah in benjamin. rest ov doodz he sent bak to dems homes.

Jonathan attackd teh filistine outpost at geba an teh filistinez herd bout it. den Saul had teh trumpet blown throughout teh land an sed, "let teh hebrews hear, k!"

so all israel herd teh news: "Saul has attackd teh filistine outpost, an nao israel has become stench to teh filistinez." an teh peeps wuz summond to join Saul at gilgal.

teh filistinez assembld to fight israel wif three-thousand [d] chariots,

when israel doodz saw dis, they hid in cavez an thickets an among teh rockz an in pits an holez.

sum hebrews even crosd teh jordan to teh land ov gad an gilead. Saul remaind at gilgal, an all teh troops wif him wuz quakin wif fear, srsly.

he waitd seben dais, eht tiem set by Samuel, but Samuel did not come to gilgal, srsly, an Sauls doodz began to scattr.

so he sed, "brin me teh burnt offerin an teh fellowship offrings. [e] " an Saul offerd up teh burnt offerin.

jus as he finishd makin teh offerin, Samuel arrivd, an Saul went out to greet him.

"dood wtf has u dun?" askd Samuel. an Saul sed "when i saw dat doods wuz scatterin, an dat u did not come at teh set teim, an dat teh filistinez wuz assemblin at micmash,

ai thot: nao teh filistinez will come down against me at gilgal, an ai has not sought Ceiling Cats favor, an i felt compelld to offr teh burnt offerin, srsly."

"u actd teh stoopids," samuel sed. "u has not kept teh command Ceilin Cat gaev u; if u had, he wud has establishd ur kingdom ovar israel for all tiem.

but nao ur kingdom will FAIL; Ceiling Cat has sought out man aftr his own hart an appointd him leadr ov his peeps, cuz u has not kept Ceiling Cats command, srsly dood."

den Samuel left gilgal [f] an went up to gibeah in benjamin, an Saul countd teh doodz hoo wuz wif him. They numberd bout six hundrd.

Saul an his son Jonathan an teh doodz wif them wuz stayin in gibeah [g] in benjamin, while teh filistinez campd at micmash.

raidin partiez went out frum teh filistine camp in three groups. wan turnd toward ofrah nere shual,

anothr toward beth horon, an teh third toward teh borderland overlookin teh valley ov zeboim facin teh desert.

not blacksmith cud be findz in all ov israel, cuz teh filistinez had sed, "udderwize teh hebrews will mak forkes or neivs!"

so all israel went down to teh filistinez to has their metall stuffs [h] sharpend (wtf?).

preis wuz too-thirdz shekel [i] for sharpenin some weppens an third ov shekel [j] for sharpenin otehr wehpens.

an on dai ov teh battle no souldyir wif Saul an Jonathan can has weponz in dems pawz; only Saul an his son Jonathan can has. srsly.

undefined

Wun dai, Jonathon sunuv Saul sez 2 hiz servunt "Oh Hai!  We can haz vizit wit teh Philistine foart ovah yondah." Butt Jonathon no tel hiz PapaKat wot ee doez.

Saul wuz campin owt at Gibeah, an sleepin unner a palm of granite tree (vry hevvy froot).  He hadz 600 kittehz withim,

wun of hoom wuz Ahija.  Ahija wor an "ephod", witch wuz a preests cloak.  Y Bible mentn dis?  I dunno.  Ahija's daddykat and granddaddykats wer importunt, so Ahija muss B impotent 2.  No kitteh new Jonathon can had scampered orf wit hiz servunt.

Jonathon gnew hiz path 2 teh Philistine foart an teh naimz uv teh hillz neerby, so U can vizit ther 2.  Teh clifs wer cald Bozez an Seneh, butt tehy doan cum wen yu call tehm!  Bein clifs an all.

Wun clif wus closur 2 Micmash, teh uzzer wuz closr 2 Geba (Taik #51 bus 2 gett ther todai.)

Jonathon sez 2 teh servunt "Let'z go vizit doze Philistines wit the uncut knobs.  Mebbe Ceiling Cat wil smil at us an help uz."

Teh servunt, who carreed Jonathon'z weponz an armur, sez "K! Im wit yoo 110%!"

Jonathon sez "Wen wee getz clozer, teh Philistines wil see uz.  Dat's K.  Leddem see uz.

If tehy sai 'Stai put, weer cummin 2 U' tehn we stai put.

Bud iff tehy sai 'Cumon ovah an vizit us' wee goe 2 tehm cos Ceiling Cat is wit uz."

So tehy went visibl 2 teh Philistines an teh Philistines sez "Hay luuk! Hebrews!  Comon ovah an weel teech U lesson"

Jonathon sez 2 teh survent "Lez go! Ceiling Cat sez trash em!"

So teh too uv tehm clymd up teh clif an attaxxed teh Philistines in ther foart.  Tehy hacxxed an stabbs a hole bunch uv Philistines.

In taht firsd attcxxkx, Jonathon an hiz survunt kilxx 20 enemees.

Oh noes!  All teh Philistine kittehz getz paniks, wherebber tehy mite B - in teh kamp, on teh feeldz, in teh foarts an teh raid parteez.  Ceiling Cat maeks tehm panixx. Heez in charj!

Teh kittehs hoo kepe watch fur Saul Say "Hey! Philistine armee go krazy n runawai."

Saul den sey "Wher'z teh Israel armee at?  Hoo'z wit uz heer?".  All teh soljur kittehs ran ovah ceptin Jonathon an iz servunt.

Saul axxd Ahijah "Fetchez l'Ark de Ceiling Cat, k?" as teh Ark wuz wit teh Israelites jus then.

Az Saul an Ahija kep shootn teh breez, teh Philistine R be gettin mor an mor wrangy an agitetd. So Saul axxed teh preest to turn daon teh voluum on teh Ark.

Saul an teh Israel soljahkats wen tinto battel.  Teh Philistines wer all konfusored an fietin wit therselfz.

Sum Israelites wer wit teh Philistines butt tehy kaem bak 2 Saul.

An all teh run-awai-skaird Israelites hoo wuz heidin caem bakk 2.

Ceiling Cat heps Israel armees win.  Teh battl moovz off passt Beth Avon.

Israel soljahkats wer all in mizry.  Saul meowd taht no Israel kitteh can has fuud afor sundown, coz Saul wantz revenj on Philistines firss. Teh soljahkats obei Saul.

Teh hole armee wen in2 teh bushs an ther wuz cookies maid wit hunni all ovah teh groun.

But no-1 eatz teh cookies.  Tehy obei Saul an teihr soft furri tummis grwold laik a dawg.

But Jonathon wuz nawt aroun when Saul maid hiz comman, so hee eetz a cookie.

A soljah meowd in horra "Yooz in trubble.  Saul sez we cannawt eetz yet!"

Jonathon meowd "Mai daddykat maiks trubba 4 teh nashun uv Israel.  Teh cookie I eetz maiks me feel betta.

It wood B betta if yoo can haz Philistine captur-cookies todai, an tehn yoo can haz mor strengxx an killx mor Philistines."

Teh Israelites wer so tird after bashin an jabbin all teh Philistines ded all dai long.

Tehy grabd teh meet uv teh Philistine animables an 8 it togedder wit teh animable bluud - Baa baa sheepz meet, an moo-cowz an bebby moo-cowz meet.

Tehn sumwun meowd to Saul "Im tellin on teh kittehs. Teh soljahz R all eetin meet wit teh bluud still init. Unclean 2 Ceiling Cat!"  Saul meowd "Fetchez a larj rawk."

Saul telz teh kittehs 2 slotter ded teihr own animables, drane teh bluud, tehn eetz tehm teh rite wai.  Do it teh Ceiling Cat-approovd wei. So tehy did!

Tehn Saul bilds an altar 2 Ceiling Cat.

Saul sez "Yoove eetin, now letts taek mor frum teh Philistines. An maik shoor tehy R all hakd ded wit owr sordz."  Teh soljah kittehs meowed teihr aproovl.  But teh preest sed "Woah!  Hold on! Time owt!" whil makin teh T-sign wit hiz paws.  "We gotta asxkx permishun frum Ceiling Cat firs."

Saul axd Ceiling Cat "We can haz takeeng stuf frum teh Philistines?  We can haxx tehm 2 deth?"  Butt Ceiling Cat chust tuuk a msg.  He no anser dat day.

Saul wuz worreed.  He meowd 2 teh bosskats uv teh armee "Wee haff 2 find teh kitteh hoo didz teh Invisible Error.

Teh sinnah muss dy 2 maek Ceiling Cat a Happy Cat."  Butt all uv teh kittehz zip ther lips an no tell.

Saul an Jonathon stood awai frum teh odder kittehs in teh Israel armi.

Tehn Saul praied 2 Ceiling Cat.  Hee asxkx Ceiling Cat 2 permit teh rite choys.  Summbuddi flips a coyne an Saul 'n' Jonathon R chozen, nawt the odder kittehs.

Anodder coyn flip an Jonathon iz teh unlukki winrar.

Saul asxkx Jonathon "Watchoo doez?  Wot Invisible Error yoo dooz?  Jonathon meowd "I eatz a  cookie wee findz inna de bushez.  Waht!  I gotta be haxxored fur taht?"

Saul meowd "I gotta killxx U, 2 makez honour 2 Ceiling Cat."

But teh soljerkittehs sed "Oh noes! Jonathon halp uss win teh battl todai.  He wont goez 'Blargh, I am ded'  Ceiling Cat helpz him winzors in battl"  So tehy taks him awai frum Saul an savz him.

Saul frows upp hiz pawz and sez "K, U winn."  So tehy stop hasslin teh Philistines an goez strate hoam 2 ther famablies an ther adorabl fluffi littl babby kittenz hoo laik 2 play wif stringz.

Saul wuz kynge an fot wif odder enemeez: Moab, Ammonites, Edom, Zobah an mor Philistines.  Hee winz alla da tyme.

Oh yess, also fot wit Amalekites an winz agayne.

Saul can haz 3 sunz Jonathon, Ishvi an Malki-Shua.  He can haz 2 dottirs Merab an Michal.

Hiz wife wuz Ahinoam, dottir ov Ahimaaz.

Odder fambly naemz inkloodz cuzzin Abner, unkl Ner, Saul'z daddykat Kish an grandaddykat Abiel.  See, in Holi Bibel, evry-1 getz a shout-out.

undefined

"o hai! im grievd dat i has made saul king, cuz he has turnded away frum me an Has not carrid out mah instrucshuns or gives me scirches behaind erz." samuel wuz troubld, an he crid out 2 cielin kat All dat nite aftr he wz don masturbtin.

dis ar teh wut cielin kat almighty sez: im gonna shred teh amalekitez 4 wut they did 2 israel wit frry pawz whn thay  hissed at thems as thay came up frum land of giant kitteh littrz box and took all teh cheezburgerz and maded them sad.

Nao go, pwn teh amalekitez doodz an totally destroy evrythin dat belongs 2 Them in their base. Do not spare them; put 2 death doodz an womens, childrens an infants, kattle an Sheep, camels an donkeys, peez on their carpts and shred thair couches and slep in thair cleen laundriez and do not maded thems any cookiez. "

So saul summond teh doodz an musterd them at telaim—2 hundrd thousand foot 
Soldiers an 10 thousand doodz frum judah. srsly. was laik sceen frm a muvie layk maybi lawrd of teh ringz.

Saul went 2 teh city ov amalek an set an ambush in da ravine. vry sneky.

Den he sed 2 teh kenitez, "go awais, leave teh amalekitez so dat i no Destroy u along wif them and pees on yur carpetz n stuff; 4 u showd kindnes 2 all teh israelitez when they came Up out ov land of giant kitteh littrz box and said 'u can haz sum cheezburgerz'." so teh kenitez movd away frum teh amalekitez and sed k bai.

Den saul attackd teh amalekitez all teh wai frum havilah 2 shur, 2 teh east Ov land of giant kitteh littrz box.

He took agag king ov teh amalekitez aliv, an all his peeps he totally Destroyd wif teh sword and all theirs carpts wuz ttly peed on and then burieds in ktty litterz.

But saul an teh army spard agag an teh best ov teh sheep an kattle, teh fat Calvez an lambs an cheezburgerz —evrythin dat wuz gud and had a flavur. Thees they wuz unwillin 2 shreds up Completely, but evrythin dat wuz despisd an weak they totally destroyded and peedz on.

Den teh meow ov cielin kat came 2 samuel:

Early in da mornin samuel got up an went 2 meet saul, but he wuz told, "saul gowai somwherz. Thar he has set up monument in his own honor cuz he haz an ego an has turnd an Gonez on down 2 gilgal wheraver tht iz. I thnk iz neer nyoo jerzy"

When samuel reachd him, saul sed, "cielin kat bles u! I has carrid out Teh cielin kats instrucshuns ftw."

' But samuel sed, "wut den iz dis bleatin ov sheep in mah ears? Wut iz dis Lowin ov kattle dat i hear? An this smell of delicus cheezburgers i smells?"

Saul anzwerd, "teh soldiers brought them frum teh amalekitez; they spard teh Best ov teh sheep an kattle and cheezburgerz 2 sacrifice 2 cielin kat ur cielin kat, but we totally Destroyd teh rest and also peeds on it."

"ftl!" samuel sed 2 saul. "let me tellz u wut cielin kat sed 2 me last Nite after he watched me masturbite." "tell me," saul replid.

Samuel sed, "although u wuz once small in ur own eyez, did u not become Teh head ov teh tribez ov israel ftw? Cielin kat anointd u king ovar israel.

An he sent u on mishun, sayin, go an completely destroy dose wickd Peeps, teh amalekitez; mak war on them til u has wipd them out and eated their cookies.

Y u not obey cielin kat ? Y u pounce on teh plundr like kats do to teh furry mice an do evil In da eyez ov cielin kat ?"

"but i did obey cielin kat," saul sed. "i went on teh mishun cielin kat Assignd me. I compltely destroyd teh amalekitez an brought bak agag their king and eated ther cookiez.

Teh soldiers took sheep, kattle and cheezburgerz frum teh plundr, teh best ov wut wuz Devotd 2 cielin kat, in ordr 2 sacrifice them 2 cielin kat ur cielin kat at Gilgal whrvr that iz. I thnk iz near san francizco lolz"

But samuel replid:


4 rebellion iz liek teh sin ov divinashun,


Den saul sed 2 samuel, "OH NOES i has sinnd. I haz violatd cielin kats command an Ur instrucshuns. I wuz afraid ov teh peeps an so i gaev in 2 them I lose.

Nao i beg u, forgiv mah sin an come bak wif me, so dat i cud worship teh Cielin kat and give him pets."

But samuel sed 2 him, "im gonna not go bak wif u. U has rejectd teh werd 
Ov cielin kat, an cielin kat has rejectd u as king ovar israel and buried yu with hiz turds!"

As samuel turnd 2 leave, saul caught hold ov teh hem ov his robe, an it tore like when kats climb up da curtains so theys can be closr 2 cieling cat.

Samuel sed 2 him, "cielin kat has torn teh kingdom ov israel frum u todai and takened your cookies An has given it 2 wan ov ur neighbors—2 wan bettr than u.

he hoo iz teh glory Ov israel doez not lie or changez his mind; 4 he iz not kitteh, dat he shud change his Mind."

Saul replid, "i has sinnd! But plz honor me before teh elders ov mah peeps 
An before israel; come bak wif me, so dat i cud worship cielin kat ur cielin kat andz snorgle him."

so samuel went bak wif saul, an saul worshipd cielin kat and gave him many pets and scritches behind teh earz and snorgled him.

Den samuel sed, "brin me agag king ov teh amalekitez."


undefined

undefined

21david came 2 saul an enterd his service. Saul likd him vry mutch, an david became wan ov his armor-bearers. 

Samuell sais "OMG!!!1! Saul will maek me ded"  and Ceiling Cat sez "Taek di moocows and make it ded for Ceiling Cat"

"It can be ded moocown partiez time and Jesse can come too.  You make Jesse da kingz"

Samuel did what Ceiling cat tolded him 2. All the Bethlehemvillians d00dz were scareded.

Samuel invited dem all to ded moocow partiez.

Wen dey arrivd, Samuel seez Eliab n thot, "Srsly, the Ceiling Catz annointed standz here before the Ceiling Cat.  Dis d00dz is teh 1337ness!"

But Ceiling Cat sed to Samuel, "DO NOT WANT. Ceiling Cat iz inside u ppl, lookin at ur heartz."

Samuel seez Abinadab and thot "di d00dz are made of win!"  But Ceiling cat telded Samuel that Abinidab was failz.

Shammah can has rejekshuns 2.

Jesse bringded all 7 of hiz suns and dey all has rejekshuns.

Jesse be running out of opshuns.  But Jesse haz one more sun...only a babiez.

Samuel sez "w00t!"

Samuel poorded the oluvejuse on David and Ceiling Cat gaev Cheezburger to David, leik infinate cheezeburger!  Win!

Nao teh spirit ov teh lord had departd frum saul, an an evil spirit frum teh lord tormentd him.

Sauls attendants sed 2 him, "c, an evil spirit frum ceilin cat iz tormentin u.

Let r lord command his servants her 2 search 4 someone hoo can pulay teh harp. He will pulay when teh evil spirit frum ceilin cat comez upon u, an u will feelz bettr."

so saul sed 2 his attendants, "find someone hoo plays well an brin him 2 me."

wan ov teh servants anzwerd, "i has seen son ov jese ov bethlehem hoo knows how 2 pulay teh harp. He iz brave man an warrior. He speakz well an iz fine-lookin man. An teh lord iz wif him."

den saul sent mesengers 2 jese an sed, "send me ur son david, hoo iz wif teh sheep."

so jese took donkey loadd wif bread, skin ov wine an young goat an sent them wif his son david 2 saul.

undefined

undefined

Teh Philistikittehs got all der figtherkittehs redi and camped on one hill.

Saul den got all hiz fighterkitteh redi and campd on other hill.

So teh two armies of figtherkittehs facd each other on teh two hillz wit teh valli btween dem.

Den Longcat, who wus an awsum fighterkitteh champyun cam  looked at teh israelkittehs. dis Longcat was ova nine feet long. srsly.

He had all kindz of reeli sweet armorz and stuffz n he wuz jus amazin.

n he had a big javelin dat was sharp and stuf

hiz spere wuz super hevy, too. and he had anuther kitteh carry hiz stufz for him.

If he winz, i makes u all cheezbrgrs n cookiez and i won't even eated dem. But if I winz, u has to make me cheesbrgrs n cookies witout even eatin dem. k?

undefined

cuz srsly i doan think u guyz can do it cuz u jus suck dat much. srsly.

wen Saul n teh israelkitteh herd dis dey got reel scard n peed ther pantz.

So David wuz son of dis gui Jesse. N Jesse livd in Judah an he wuz really old and he had eigt sons. srsly.

Hiz three oldst- El, Ab n Shim- alredy haz left to go to teh camp to b fightercatz for saul n figt teh evil nasty philisticatz.

David wuz teh yungest kitteh, teh bebe uv teh famile. Hiz three oldst bros stayd at camp,

but David went bak n forth cuz he had to take care of teh sheepz in bethlehem for hiz daddy.

N foar forty dayz and nitez Longcat struttd in fron of teh israelkitteh armi.

Den wun day jesse sez, "oh hai david. takez dis fud to ur brotherz

n here is a cheezburgr foar dere captain. make sure ur bros r ok an den come home n tellz me wut dey r doin. kthnxbai."

cuz davids brothrs were at da camp at teh valli figtin teh philistikittehs.

so david told uther kitteh to watch aftr teh sheep n he left foar camp wit teh fudz jus as hiz daddy sed cuz he iz good kitteh. he got ther jus a teh armis were gettin redi to do teh fightin stuffz or sumthing.

teh two armis facd each uthr

david gave teh foods to teh supplykeeperkitteh and wen to go see hiz bros.

as he were talkn to his bros, teh big meen Longcat came out to see wut teh israelkittehs were doin. he startd to teez dem, leik uswul.

as sun as teh israelkitteh armi saw teh Longcat, dey ran aways and hides.

"Haz u seen dat giant?!?1?" teh kittehs askd. "he comez out evry day to laff at us. teh king haz offerd lotz of cheezburgrs for to gif to teh kitteh who can makes teh Longcat ded. he wil evn giv dat man hiz awsum sexi doter n he wuldn't evr hav to pay teh taxs agin!"

David askd wun of teh figtherkittehs neerby, "wut is diz awsum sweet prize for killin teh Longcat n makin hiz teezin stop? N neway, who is dis gui dat wuld teeze teh armi of teh ceiling cat?"

Teh man answrd n sed, "ya, dat is teh awsum sweet prize."

Wen david's oldest bro, El, herd david talkin to teh fighterkittehs he got madz n sed, "hay david, y for r u here? u needez to be takin care of ur silly lil sheep! i no u just wan to be here to see teh battle!"

N david sed, "srsly, bro, takez a brak. I wuz just askin a question. sheesh, srsly dood."

n den he walkd to sum othr kittehs n askd dem teh same questin n he got teh same answr.

dem some kitteh told teh king saul dat david wuz askin questin n teh king saul askd to see david bcuz he wantd for to see him.

"Doan u worri bout dis stoopid philisticat." david sed to teh king. "I goez n fitez him for u. srsly. kthnxbai."

"Doan haz teh stoopidz!" sed teh king saul kitteh. "No wai can u fite dis philistikitteh n win. No wai. U r little kitten n he is big strong kitteh. He haz ben figtherkitteh since he waz yung. So jus no wai, dood, no wai."

But david, "Wai. I so can beat him. Iv ben takin caer ov mah daddyz animlz n stuff n dis wun tiem a lyon caem n tryd to steal wun for to maek cheezburgr wit,

an I just killded it. srsly. i beat it wit a club n brok hiz jaw n stuff. ya man.

i will do dat to dis philistikitteh cuz he maekz fun uv teh armi of teh ceiling cat!

ceiling cat savd me frum teh lyon, he will so sav me frum teh Longcat. so wai. srsly."


saul gav david sum uv his armor, a rlly sweet helmet n stuff.

david tryd it on n walkd aroun in it for a sec cuz he nevr wear wun bfor.


so he wen doan to teh rivr n got five rockz. n den wit only hiz rockz n hiz walkn stik he wen to teh valli to fite teh Longcat.

Longcat walkd out to see david

n laffd at him

"Srsly lil kitteh, am i lyke sum dog dat u try to beat me up wit a stik? srsly dood, dat is teh suckz.

come here n see me so i can groun u up lyke so much bird food." Longcat yelld.

n david sed, "u coem to meh wit all ur fancy armrz n stuffz, but i coem to u teh naem of teh Cat of teh Ceiling's armis, u kno, ceiling catz armis dat u leik to teez so much.

today, ceiling cat wil totaly taek u, n i'm so goin to kill u and cutz off ur hed n stuff. n den, I will will groun all ur fighterkitteh leik so much bird food n den evryone will kno dat ceiling cat livs n israel!

n evryone here wil kno dat ceiling cat savs his kittehs n he doan evn need any of dat fancy armor stuff. Dis is totaly ceiling cat's battl n he will so gif u to me. kthnx."

s0 Longcat cam fwd to meet david n david ranz at him.

he grabd one of hiz rockz an den he leik thru it at Longcat! n teh rock hit Longcat in teh hed n he fell over and dyd.  Pwnd!

so david so totaly beat teh Longcat cat wit jus a rock! he didn evn hav a sword or nething!

he taekd Longcat's sword n cut off Longcat's hed.

den teh israel n judahkittehs yelld "yay! we rockz! we haz teh awsum!" n chazed aftr teh philistikittehs.

den dey wen bak to teh phillistikittehz camp n steald all dere cheezburgrs n stuff.

(david took teh Longcat's hed to jerusalm, but he put teh Longcat's sweet armor in hiz tent. srsly)

wen saul saw david fite teh Longcat cat, he askd abner, who wuz teh leadr of hiz armi, "abner, leik who is teh daddy of dat kitteh?"


n saul wuz leik, "u go find out for me. kthnxbai."

undefined

Affer david stop talk wif saul, Johnathan said iluvu to david.

Affer dat, saul keepz david as pet, and sez, "no go bak to yr dadz."

'N den Johnathan promitz to luv david for moar dan hiz cookie.

So den he getz nekkid foar david, I tink cuz david no has cloves or jus lyk nekkid Johnathan, wutevar.

saul do tinks foar david, cuz david ask.  saul getz lyk ten gold starz. Lolcatz reejoyz.

So den next david make no move dis bad guy, n all teh girl ppls cum out they howse n all teh subarbz n stuff to say, "yay saul! Kthxbai." N they move all weird n make a lotta noise wiff shakey tinks and mouf blow tinks n go, "la la la!"

But they wurdz no, "la la la." They wurdz go: "saul make ded lots, n david moar lots."

saul get green lyk catznip n sez "Hei! david kill moar den me! Now him wantz be all "boss cat is boss"?

N howse arrest no inventerd yet so saul jus watchez him moar.

So nex suntime mean bad notinks dere cum frum Ceiling Cat to howse ov saul. saul talk a lot n david play erlee Leggenz of Rawk gaym, lyk he alwayz play. saul had sharp pokey stik.

saul frowed sharp stik at david, all, "Ahmonnagitchuu!" like dat.  It crazy.  I hid unner sofa, n david did too.

saul skeerd of david cuz Ceiling Cat lyk david n no lyk saul no moar.

So saul say go away, here some army menz, kthxbai.

N david ernd moar gold starz n Ceiling Cat play too.  Ceiling Cat lyk army menz.

N saul go, "whoa, he gud." n got skeerd moar.

All da Lolcatz lyk david.  He giv gud mushy fud.

N saul say to david, here my oldes kitteh, Marab, u take her for bedtimez n kill moar ppl foar Ceiling Cat?" N he tinks other ppl den kill david, dunno y.

N david, he dum, he sez, "No i has no muniez to buy nice mushy fud, u king (lyk da lion).

So saul give Marab to sum udder guy, kthxbai.

N den saul heer dat Michal lyk david n he's happi.

So saul go hmmmmm, i use my kitteh Michal to trap him gid. Muahahaha. So saul say, "david, this chans too, u b my kitteh n lawz?

N saul has his associates infoarm david of his missin bukkit n dat he cn b kitteh n lawz.

But david say no, i emo, no one lyk me.

n teh associates say dis to saul,

N saul say "tell him i like him if h brinks me mah bukkit.  Or summat weeird lyk dat.  Mebbe a lotta pen0rz skinz? dat funneh! he tink david die tryin.

so david say kthxbi n rly fast

he b lyk Chuk Norriz n killz a lotta ppl n bring teh Lion a hunned pen0rz skinz inna bukkit, wif a ribbon ty to it. saul say, not mah bukkit, but teh pen0rz skinz funneh, u has mah kitteh Michal.

saul gotz rel skeerd cuz Ceiling Cat halp david get pen0rz skinz, n dat his kitteh luv teh new kitteh n lawz,

so he skeerd foarevar.

undefined

saul told his son jonathan an all teh attendants 2 kill david. But jonathan wuz vry fond ov david

an warnd him, "mah fathr saul iz lookin 4 chance 2 kill u. Be on ur guard 2morrow mornin; go into hidin an stay thar.

im gonna go out an stand wif mah fathr in da field wer u r. Ill speek 2 him bout u an will tell u wut i find out."

jonathan spoke well ov david 2 saul his fathr an sed 2 him, "let not teh king do wrong 2 his servant david; he has not wrongd u, an wut he has dun has benefitd u greatly.

he took his life in his hanz when he killd teh filistine. Teh lord won great victory 4 all israel, an u saw it an wuz glad. Y den wud u do wrong 2 an innosent man liek david by killin him 4 no reason?"

saul listend 2 jonathan an took dis oath: "as surely as teh lord livez, david will not be put 2 death."

so jonathan calld david an told him teh whole conversashun. He brought him 2 saul, an david wuz wif saul as before.

once moar war broke out, an david went out an fought teh filistinez. He struck them wif such force dat they fld before him.

but an evil [a] spirit frum teh lord came upon saul as he wuz sittin in his houz wif his spear in his hand. While david wuz playin teh harp,

saul trid 2 pin him 2 teh wall wif his spear, but david eludd him as saul droov teh spear into teh wall. Dat nite david made gud his escape.

saul sent doodz 2 davidz houz 2 watch it an 2 kill him in da mornin. But michal, davidz wife, warnd him, "if u doan run 4 ur life tonite, 2morrow ull be killd."

so michal let david down thru window, an he fld an escapd.

den michal took an idol [b] an laid it on teh bed, coverin it wif garment an puttin sum goats hair at teh head.

when saul sent teh doodz 2 capchur david, michal sed, "he iz ill."

den saul sent teh doodz bak 2 c david an told them, "brin him up 2 me in his bed so dat i cud kill him."

but when teh doodz enterd, thar wuz teh idol in da bed, an at teh head wuz sum goats hair.

saul sed 2 michal, "y u deceiv me liek dis an send mah enemy away so dat he escapd?" Michal told him, "he sed 2 me, let me git away. Y shud i kill u? "

when david had fld an made his escape, he went 2 samuel at ramah an told him all dat saul had dun 2 him. Den he an samuel went 2 naioth an stayd thar.

werd came 2 saul: "david iz in naioth at ramah";

so he sent doodz 2 capchur him. But when they saw group ov profets profesyin, wif samuel standin thar as their leadr, teh spirit ov ceilin cat came upon sauls doodz an they also profesid.

saul wuz told bout it, an he sent moar doodz, an they profesid 2. Saul sent doodz third tiem, an they also profesid.

finally, he him left 4 ramah an went 2 teh great cistern at secu. An he askd, "wer r samuel an david?" "ovar in naioth at ramah," they sed.

so saul went 2 naioth at ramah. But teh spirit ov ceilin cat came even upon him, an he walkd along profesyin til he came 2 naioth.

undefined

den david fld frum naioth at ramah an went 2 jonathan an askd, "wut has i dun? Wut iz mah crime? How has i wrongd ur fathr, dat he iz tryin 2 taek mah life?"

"nevr!" jonathan replid. "u r not goin 2 dye! Look, mah fathr doesnt do anythin, great or small, without confidin in me. Y wud he hide dis frum me? Iz not so!"

but david took an oath an sed, "ur fathr knows vry well dat i has findz favor in ur eyez, an he has sed 2 him, jonathan must not knoe dis or he will be grievd. Yet as surely as teh lord livez an as u liv, thar iz only step tween me an death."

jonathan sed 2 david, "whatevr u wants me 2 do, ill do 4 u."

so david sed, "look, 2morrow iz teh new moon festival, an im supposd 2 dine wif teh king; but let me go an hide in da field til teh evenin ov teh dai aftr 2morrow.

if ur fathr misez me at all, tell him, david earnestly askd mah permishun 2 hurreh 2 bethlehem, his hometown, cuz an annual sacrifice iz bean made thar 4 his whole clan.

if he sez, vry well, den ur servant iz safe. But if he losez his tempr, u can be sure dat he iz determind 2 harm me.

as 4 u, show kindnes 2 ur servant, 4 u has brought him into covenant wif u before teh lord. If im guilty, den kill me yourself! Y hand me ovar 2 ur fathr?"

"nevr!" jonathan sed. "if i had teh least inklin dat mah fathr wuz determind 2 harm u, wouldnt i tell u?"

david askd, "hoo will tell me if ur fathr anzwers u harshly?"

"come," jonathan sed, "lets go out into teh field." so they went thar togethr.

den jonathan sed 2 david: "by teh lord, teh ceilin cat ov israel, im gonna surely sound out mah fathr by dis tiem teh dai aftr 2morrow! If he iz favorably disposd toward u, will i not send u werd an let u knoe?

but if mah fathr iz inclind 2 harm u, cud teh lord deal wif me, be it evr so severely, if i no let u knoe an send u away safely. Cud teh lord be wif u as he has been wif mah fathr.

but show me unfailin kindnes liek dat ov teh lord as long as i liv, so dat i cud not be killd,

an do not evr cut off ur kindnes frum mah ppl not even when teh lord has cut off evry wan ov davidz enemiez frum teh face ov teh earth."

so jonathan made covenant wif teh houz ov david, sayin, "cud teh lord call davidz enemiez 2 akownt."

an jonathan had david reaffirm his oath out ov luv 4 him, cuz he lovd him as he lovd him.

den jonathan sed 2 david: "2morrow iz teh new moon festival. U will be misd, cuz ur seat will be empty.

teh dai aftr 2morrow, toward evenin, go 2 teh place wer u hid when dis trouble began, an wait by teh stone ezel.

im gonna shoot 3 arrows 2 teh side ov it, as though i wuz shootin at target.

den im gonna send boi an say, go, find teh arrows. If i say 2 him, look, teh arrows r on dis side ov u; brin them her, den come, cuz, as surely as teh lord livez, u r safe; thar iz no dangr.

but if i say 2 teh boi, look, teh arrows r beyond u, den u must go, cuz teh lord has sent u away.

an bout teh mattr u an i discusdâ€”remembr, teh lord iz witnes tween u an me forevr."

so david hid in da field, an when teh new moon festival came, teh king sat down 2 eat.

he sat in his customary place by teh wall, opposiet jonathan, [a] an abnr sat next 2 saul, but davidz place wuz empty.

saul sed nothin dat dai, 4 he thot, "somethin must has happend 2 david 2 mak him ceremonially uncleanâ€”surely he iz unclean."

but teh next dai, teh second dai ov teh month, davidz place wuz empty again. Den saul sed 2 his son jonathan, "y hasnt teh son ov jese come 2 teh meal, eithr yesturdai or todai?"

jonathan anzwerd, "david earnestly askd me 4 permishun 2 go 2 bethlehem.

he sed, let me go, cuz r pplz iz observin sacrifice in da town an mah brothr has orderd me 2 be thar. If i has findz favor in ur eyez, let me git away 2 c mah brothers. Dat iz y he has not come 2 teh kings table."

sauls angr flard up at jonathan an he sed 2 him, "u son ov perverse an rebellious woman! Doan i knoe dat u has sidd wif teh son ov jese 2 ur own shame an 2 teh shame ov teh mommy hoo bore u?

as long as teh son ov jese livez on dis earth, neithr u nor ur kingdom will be establishd. Nao send an brin him 2 me, 4 he must dye!"

"y shud he be put 2 death? Wut has he dun?" jonathan askd his fathr.

but saul hurld his spear at him 2 kill him. Den jonathan knew dat his fathr intendd 2 kill david.

jonathan got up frum teh table in fierce angr; on dat second dai ov teh month he did not eat, cuz he wuz grievd at his fathers shameful treatment ov david.

in da mornin jonathan went out 2 teh field 4 his meetin wif david. He had small boi wif him,

an he sed 2 teh boi, "run an find teh arrows i shoot." as teh boi ran, he shot an arrow beyond him.

when teh boi came 2 teh place wer jonathanz arrow had fallen, jonathan calld out aftr him, "isnt teh arrow beyond u?"

den he shoutd, "hurreh! Go quickly! Doan stop!" teh boi pickd up teh arrow an returnd 2 his mastah.

(teh boi knew nothin ov all dis; only jonathan an david knew.)

den jonathan gaev his weapons 2 teh boi an sed, "go, carry them bak 2 town."

aftr teh boi had gone, david got up frum teh south side ov teh stone an bowd down before jonathan 3 tiems, wif his face 2 teh ground. Den they kisd each othr an wept togethrâ€”but david wept teh most.

undefined

david went 2 nob, 2 ahimelech teh priest. Ahimelech trembld when he met him, an askd, "y r u alone? Y iz no wan wif u?"

david anzwerd ahimelech teh priest, "teh king chargd me wif certain mattr an sed 2 me, no wan iz 2 knoe anythin bout ur mishun an ur instrucshuns. As 4 mah doodz, i has told them 2 meet me at certain place.

nao den, wut do u has on hand? Gimie 5 loavez ov bread, or whatevr u can find."

but teh priest anzwerd david, "i doan has any ordinary bread on hand; howevr, thar iz sum consecratd bread herâ€”providd teh doodz has kept themselvez frum women."

david replid, "inded women has been kept frum us, as usual whenevr [a] i set out. Teh doodzs things [b] r holy even on mishuns dat r not holy. How mutch moar so todai!"

so teh priest gaev him teh consecratd bread, since thar wuz no bread thar except teh bread ov teh presence dat had been removd frum before teh lord an replacd by hawt bread on teh dai it wuz taken away.

nao wan ov sauls servants wuz thar dat dai, detaind before teh lord; he wuz doeg teh edomite, sauls head sheferd.

david askd ahimelech, "doan u has spear or sword her? I havent brought mah sword or any othr wepon, cuz teh kings busines wuz urgent."

teh priest replid, "teh sword ov goliath teh filistine, whom u killd in da valley ov elah, iz her; it wrappd in cloth behind teh efod. If u wants it, taek it; thar iz no sword her but dat wan." 
David sed, "thar iz none liek it; giv it 2 me."

dat dai david fld frum saul an went 2 achish king ov gath.

but teh servants ov achish sed 2 him, "isnt dis david, teh king ov teh land? Isnt he teh wan they sing bout in their dancez: 
" saul has slain his thousandz, 
An david his tens ov thousandz?"

david took thees werdz 2 hart an wuz vry mutch afraid ov achish king ov gath.

so he pretendd 2 be insane in their presence; an while he wuz in their hanz he actd liek madman, makin markz on teh doors ov teh gate an lettin saliva run down his beard.

undefined

david left gath an escapd 2 teh cave ov adullam. When his brothers an his fathers haushold herd bout it, they went down 2 him thar.

all dose hoo wuz in distres or in debt or discontentd gatherd around him, an he became their leadr. Bout 4 hundrd doodz wuz wif him.

frum thar david went 2 mizpah in moab an sed 2 teh king ov moab, "wud u let mah fathr an mommy come an stay wif u til i lern wut ceilin cat will do 4 me?"

so he left them wif teh king ov moab, an they stayd wif him as long as david wuz in da stronghold.

but teh profet gad sed 2 david, "do not stay in da stronghold. Go into teh land ov judah." so david left an went 2 teh forest ov hereth.

nao saul herd dat david an his doodz had been discoverd. An saul, spear in hand, wuz seatd undr teh tamarisk tree on teh hill at gibeah, wif all his officials standin around him.

saul sed 2 them, "listen, doodz ov benjamin! Will teh son ov jese giv all ov u fieldz an vineyardz? Will he mak all ov u commanders ov thousandz an commanders ov hundredz?

iz dat y u has all conspird against me? No wan tells me when mah son makez covenant wif teh son ov jese. None ov u iz concernd bout me or tells me dat mah son has incitd mah servant 2 lie in wait 4 me, as he doez todai."

but doeg teh edomite, hoo wuz standin wif sauls officials, sed, "i saw teh son ov jese come 2 ahimelech son ov ahitub at nob.

ahimelech inquird ov teh lord 4 him; he also gaev him provishuns an teh sword ov goliath teh filistine."

den teh king sent 4 da priest ahimelech son ov ahitub an his fathers whole pplz, hoo wuz teh priests at nob, an they all came 2 teh king.

saul sed, "listen nao, son ov ahitub." "yez, mah lord," he anzwerd.

saul sed 2 him, "y has u conspird against me, u an teh son ov jese, givin him bread an sword an inquirin ov ceilin cat 4 him, so dat he has rebelld against me an liez in wait 4 me, as he doez todai?"

ahimelech anzwerd teh king, "hoo ov all ur servants iz as loyal as david, teh kings son-in-law, captain ov ur bodyguard an highly respectd in ur haushold?

wuz dat dai teh furst tiem i inquird ov ceilin cat 4 him? Ov course not! Let not teh king accuse ur servant or any ov his fathers pplz, 4 ur servant knows nothin at all bout dis whole affair."

but teh king sed, "u will surely dye, ahimelech, u an ur fathers whole pplz."

den teh king orderd teh guardz at his side: "turn an kill teh priests ov teh lord, cuz they 2 has sidd wif david. They knew he wuz fleein, yet they did not tell me." 
But teh kings officials wuz not willin 2 raize hand 2 strike teh priests ov teh lord.

teh king den orderd doeg, "u turn an strike down teh priests." so doeg teh edomite turnd an struck them down. Dat dai he killd eighty-5 doodz hoo wore teh linen efod.

he also put 2 teh sword nob, teh town ov teh priests, wif itz doodz an women, itz children an infants, an itz kattle, donkeys an sheep.

but abiathar, son ov ahimelech son ov ahitub, escapd an fld 2 join david.

he told david dat saul had killd teh priests ov teh lord.

den david sed 2 abiathar: "dat dai, when doeg teh edomite wuz thar, i knew he wud be sure 2 tell saul. Im responsible 4 da death ov ur fathers whole pplz.

undefined

when david wuz told, "look, teh filistinez r fightin against keilah an r lootin teh threshin floors,"

he inquird ov teh lord, sayin, "shall i go an attack thees filistinez?" 
Teh lord anzwerd him, "go, attack teh filistinez an save keilah."

but davidz doodz sed 2 him, "her in judah we r afraid. How mutch moar, den, if we go 2 keilah against teh filistine forcez!"

once again david inquird ov teh lord, an teh lord anzwerd him, "go down 2 keilah, 4 im goin 2 giv teh filistinez into ur hand."

So david an his doodz went 2 keilah, fought teh filistinez an carrid off their livestock. He inflictd heavy losez on teh filistinez an savd teh peeps ov keilah.

(nao abiathar son ov ahimelech had brought teh efod down wif him when he fld 2 david at keilah.)

saul wuz told dat david had gone 2 keilah, an he sed, "ceilin cat has handd him ovar 2 me, 4 david has imprisond him by enterin town wif gatez an bars."

an saul calld up all his forcez 4 battle, 2 go down 2 keilah 2 besiege david an his doodz.

when david lernd dat saul wuz plottin against him, he sed 2 abiathar teh priest, "brin teh efod."

david sed, "o lord, ceilin cat ov israel, ur servant has herd definitely dat saul planz 2 come 2 keilah an destroy teh town on akownt ov me.

will teh citizens ov keilah surrendr me 2 him? Will saul come down, as ur servant has herd? O lord, ceilin cat ov israel, tell ur servant." An teh lord sed, "he will."

again david askd, "will teh citizens ov keilah surrendr me an mah doodz 2 saul?" An teh lord sed, "they will."

so david an his doodz, bout 6 hundrd in numbr, left keilah an kept movin frum place 2 place. When saul wuz told dat david had escapd frum keilah, he did not go thar.

david stayd in da desert strongholdz an in da hills ov teh desert ov zif. Dai aftr dai saul searchd 4 him, but ceilin cat did not giv david into his hanz.

while david wuz at horesh in da desert ov zif, he lernd dat saul had come out 2 taek his life.

an sauls son jonathan went 2 david at horesh an helpd him find strength in ceilin cat.

"doan be afraid," he sed. "mah fathr saul will not lay hand on u. U will be king ovar israel, an im gonna be second 2 u. Even mah fathr saul knows dis."

teh 2 ov them made covenant before teh lord. Den jonathan went home, but david remaind at horesh.

teh zifitez went up 2 saul at gibeah an sed, "iz not david hidin among us in da strongholdz at horesh, on teh hill ov hakilah, south ov jeshimon?

nao, o king, come down whenevr it pleasez u 2 do so, an we will be responsible 4 handin him ovar 2 teh king."

saul replid, "teh lord bles u 4 ur concern 4 me.

go an mak furthr preparashun. Find out wer david usually goez an hoo has seen him thar. They tell me he iz vry crafty.

find out bout all teh hidin placez he usez an come bak 2 me wif definite informashun. [a] den im gonna go wif u; if he iz in da area, im gonna track him down among all teh clanz ov judah."

so they set out an went 2 zif ahead ov saul. Nao david an his doodz wuz in da desert ov maon, in da arabah south ov jeshimon.

saul an his doodz began teh search, an when david wuz told bout it, he went down 2 teh rawk an stayd in da desert ov maon. When saul herd dis, he went into teh desert ov maon in pursuit ov david.

saul wuz goin along wan side ov teh mountain, an david an his doodz wuz on teh othr side, hurryin 2 git away frum saul. As saul an his forcez wuz closin in on david an his doodz 2 capchur them,

mesengr came 2 saul, sayin, "come quickly! Teh filistinez r raidin teh land."

den saul broke off his pursuit ov david an went 2 meet teh filistinez. Dat iz y they call dis place sela hammahlekoth. [b]

undefined

Wen Saul coemed hoem frum chasin dem Philistines, he got told, "David iz in teh Desert ov En Gedi. Srsly"

So Saul thinks, "Iz go to get dis kitteh," an him taked 3000 peeps frum Israel an goed to find David at teh Crags ov teh Wild Goats.

Him goed to teh sheep hows; an he finds a caev, so Saul goed to teh caev an he wuz liek "Iz in ur caev, releevin meselfs". David wuz wif hiz peeps at teh bac ov teh cave.

Teh peeps wuz liek, "Dis iz teh day teh Ceiling Cat sed to yu, 'I gives yu ur enemy to yu fr yu to, liek do wut yu wants.'" So David goed all sneeky liek an taked wun cornr ov Saul's robe.

But den, David wuz liek, "Iz no do gud thin," cuz him cut off teh cornr ov teh robe.

So he sayed to hiz peeps, "Teh Ceiling Cat not let Iz do dat to my mastr, hoo teh Ceiling Cat anoynted, or do anytin; cuz teh Ceiling Cat anuynted him.

Wif dat, David scolded hiz peeps, an him not let dem fight Saul. An den Saul wuz liek, "Kthxbye," an he goid owt ov teh caev.

An den Daved goed owt ov teh caev too, an he sayed, "My TopCat, teh kin!" Wen Saul looks, David bows an den lies down, wif his faec on teh grownd.

Den he sayed to Saul, "Y do yu lissen wen kittehs say, 'David wunts to hrt yu'?

Dis dai, yu see wif yuz ais dat teh Ceiling Cat gived yu to me in teh caev. Teh peeps told me to kill yu, but Iz not, bad, iz gud, sos I did not; Iz sayed, 'I not bad kitteh, sos I no hurts my master, cuz him wuz anoynted by teh Ceiling Cat.'

Yu see, my fadr, yu looks at dis pees ov yu'z robe! I cuts it off, but I no kills yu. I NOT BAD KITTEH! WAI YU WUNT ME? WUT I DO???

Let teh Ceiling Cat tell hoo iz gud an hoo iz bad. An, let teh Ceiling Cat get bac at teh kittehs hoo hrts me, but Iz no tuch yu.

Liek dat owd sayin, 'Frum teh bad kittehs coems teh ad tings,' so Iz no tuches yu.

"Wai duz yu coem owt? Hoo yu wunt? A ded dog? A flea?

Let teh Ceiling Cat tell hoo iz gud an hoo iz bad, an let him say weder Iz do gud or bad; let him put me owtside cuz I not hrt yu."

Wen David wuz doen, Saul sayed, "Iz dat srsly yu, David?" An det him cryed.

"Yu r bettr den me," he sayed. "Yu not hrt me, but Iz hrt yu lots.

Yu wer just liek, Iz rly gud cuz I not hrt yu; teh Ceiling Cat gived me to yu, an yu not kill me.

Wen a kitteh gets hiz enemy, he nevr let him leev wifowt hrting him. Let teh Ceiling Cat give yu lots ov cheezburgrz fr dis.

I nos dat yu be TopCat now, an dat teh big howze ov Israel wil be gud wif yu.

Den Saul maked David promis dat he not get rid ov Saul'z future peeps.

undefined

Now Samuel wuz ded, an all teh kittehs ov Israel wer sad; an dey put him undr teh grownd at hiz hows in Ramah. Den David went to liv in teh Desert ov Maon [a].

Wun kitteh in Man, hoo had sum land der at Carmel, had, liek, a bazillion cheezburgurz. An also, he had lots ov animalz, liek dem goats an teh sheep.

Hiz naem wuz Nabal, an hiz wief'z naem wuz Abigail. She wuz rly smart an rly pritty, but her huzbnd wuz a Calebite, so he wuz liek a total n00b, an he wuz rly mean.

Wen David wuz sleepin, he heers Nabal sheerin sum sheepi.

So, he sended 10 yung kittehs and sayed to dem, "Yuz go up to Nabal at Carmel an say hai to him fr me.

Say to him: 'Oh hai! Many cheezburgrz fr yu an ur peeps! An gud helth to all ur stuf!

" 'Now I heerz it iz teh tiem to sheer teh seep. Wen ur sheprds wer wif us, we not hr dem at all, an teh hoel tiem dey wer at Carmel nufing ov ders wuz goen.

Go asks ur servnts, dey tellz yu. So be niec fr my yung kttehs, cuz we heer at gud tiem. Plees give ur peeps an ur sun David any cheezburgrz yu can find.' "

Wen teh kittehs gots der, dey gives Nabal teh wurdz fr David. Den dey wayts.

Nabal sayed to teh servnts, "Ho iz dis n00b David? Hoo iz dis sun ov Jesse? Lots ov servnts r leeving der mastrs deez days.

Wai Iz takes my cheezburgrz an gives it to deez weerd kittehs frum weerd plases?"

So teh kittehs went bac. Wen dey got der, dey told David everyfing.

David wuz liek, "WAI HE SAY DEEZ FINGS?" an he sayd to hiz peeps, "Put on ur claws!" An dey put on der claws, an David put on hiz claw. Den he taked 400 kittehs wif him, an 200 stayed to wach teh stuf.

Wun ov dem servnts ov Nabal telled Abigail: "David sent deez peeps frum teh desrt to say hai to teh mastr, but he not gud kitteh, an he insults dem.

WAI HE DO DIS? WTF? Dey wer rly niec to us. Dey not hrt us, an dey not takes anyfing eether.

Nite an day dey maked a wall fr us wen we wuz herdin dem sheeps neer dem.

Now fink abowt it an do sumfin, cuz der iz bad fings fr teh mastr an all hiz peeps. He iz such bad kitteh, no uddrs talks to him."

abigail lost no tiem. She took 2 hundrd loavez ov bread, 2 skins ov wine, 5 dresd sheep, 5 seahs [b] ov roastd grain, hundrd cakez ov raisins an 2 hundrd cakez ov presd figs, an loadd them on donkeys.

den she told her servants, "go on ahead; ill follow u." but she did not tell her husband nabal.

as she came ridin her donkey into mountain ravine, thar wuz david an his doodz descendin toward her, an she met them.

David had jus sed, "iz been uselesâ€”all mah watchin ovar dis fellows property in da desert so dat nothin ov his wuz misin. He has paid me bak evil 4 gud.

cud ceilin cat deal wif david, [c] be it evr so severely, if by mornin i leef aliv wan male ov all hoo belong 2 him!"

when abigail saw david, she quickly got off her donkey an bowd down before david wif her face 2 teh ground.

she fell at his feet an sed: "mah lord, let teh blame be on me alone. Plz let ur servant speek 2 u; hear wut ur servant has 2 say.

cud mah lord pai no attenshun 2 dat wickd man nabal. He iz jus liek his naymâ€”his naym iz fool, an folly goez wif him. But as 4 me, ur servant, i did not c teh doodz mah mastah sent.

"nao since teh lord has kept u, mah mastah, frum bloodshd an frum avengin yourself wif ur own hanz, as surely as teh lord livez an as u liv, cud ur enemiez an all hoo intend 2 harm mah mastah be liek nabal.

an let dis gift, which ur servant has brought 2 mah mastah, be given 2 teh doodz hoo follow u.

plz forgiv ur servants offense, 4 da lord will certainly mak lastin dynasty 4 mah mastah, cuz he fights teh lordz battlez. Let no wrongdoin be findz in u as long as u liv.

even though someone iz pursuin u 2 taek ur life, teh life ov mah mastah will be bound securely in da bundle ov teh livin by teh lord ur ceilin cat. But teh livez ov ur enemiez he will hurl away as frum teh pocket ov slin.

when teh lord has dun 4 mah mastah evry gud ting he promisd concernin him an has appointd him leadr ovar israel,

mah mastah will not has on his conscience teh staggerin burden ov needles bloodshd or ov havin avengd him. An when teh lord has brought mah mastah succes, remembr ur servant."

david sed 2 abigail, "praize be 2 teh lord, teh ceilin cat ov israel, hoo has sent u todai 2 meet me.

cud u be blesd 4 ur gud judgment an 4 keepin me frum bloodshd dis dai an frum avengin myself wif mah own hanz.

otherwize, as surely as teh lord, teh ceilin cat ov israel, livez, hoo has kept me frum harmin u, if u had not come quickly 2 meet me, not wan male belongin 2 nabal wud has been left aliv by daibreak."

den david acceptd frum her hand wut she had brought him an sed, "go home in peace. I has herd ur werdz an grantd ur request."

when abigail went 2 nabal, he wuz in da houz holdin banquet liek dat ov king. He wuz in high spirits an vry drunk. So she told him nothin til daibreak.

den in da mornin, when nabal wuz sobr, his wife told him all thees things, an his hart faild him an he became liek stone.

bout 10 dais latr, teh lord struck nabal an he did.

when david herd dat nabal wuz ded, he sed, "praize be 2 teh lord, hoo has ufeld mah cause against nabal 4 treatin me wif contempt. He has kept his servant frum doin wrong an has brought nabals wrongdoin down on his own head." Den david sent werd 2 abigail, askin her 2 become his wife.

his servants went 2 carmel an sed 2 abigail, "david has sent us 2 u 2 taek u 2 become his wife."

she bowd down wif her face 2 teh ground an sed, "her iz ur maidservant, ready 2 serve u an wash teh feet ov mah mastahs servants."

abigail quickly got on donkey an, attendd by her 5 maidz, went wif davidz mesengers an became his wife.

undefined

teh zifitez went 2 saul at gibeah an sed, "iz not david hidin on teh hill ov hakilah, which facez jeshimon?"

so saul went down 2 teh desert ov zif, wif his 3 thousand chosen doodz ov israel, 2 search thar 4 david.

saul made his camp beside teh road on teh hill ov hakilah facin jeshimon, but david stayd in da desert. When he saw dat saul had followd him thar,

he sent out scouts an lernd dat saul had definitely arrivd. [a]

den david set out an went 2 teh place wer saul had campd. He saw wer saul an abnr son ov ner, teh commandr ov teh army, had lain down. Saul wuz lyin inside teh camp, wif teh army encampd around him.

david den askd ahimelech teh hittite an abishai son ov zeruiah, joabs brothr, "hoo will go down into teh camp wif me 2 saul?" 
"ill go wif u," sed abishai.

so david an abishai went 2 teh army by nite, an thar wuz saul, lyin asleep inside teh camp wif his spear stuck in da ground near his head. Abnr an teh soldiers wuz lyin around him.

abishai sed 2 david, "todai ceilin cat has deliverd ur enemy into ur hanz. Nao let me pin him 2 teh ground wif wan thrust ov mah spear; i wont strike him twice."

but david sed 2 abishai, "doan destroy him! Hoo can lay hand on teh lordz anointd an be guiltles?

as surely as teh lord livez," he sed, "teh lord him will strike him; eithr his tiem will come an he will dye, or he will go into battle an perish.

ut teh lord forbid dat i shud lay hand on teh lordz anointd. Nao git teh spear an watr jug dat r near his head, an lets go."

so david took teh spear an watr jug near sauls head, an they left. No wan saw or knew bout it, nor did anyone waek up. They wuz all sleepin, cuz teh lord had put them into deep sleep.

den david crosd ovar 2 teh othr side an stood on top ov teh hill sum distance away; thar wuz wide space tween them.

he calld out 2 teh army an 2 abnr son ov ner, "arent u goin 2 anzwr me, abnr?" Abnr replid, "hoo r u hoo calls 2 teh king?"

david sed, "ure man, arent u? An hoo iz liek u in israel? Y didnt u guard ur lord teh king? Someone came 2 destroy ur lord teh king.

wut u has dun iz not gud. As surely as teh lord livez, u an ur doodz deserve 2 dye, cuz u did not guard ur mastah, teh lordz anointd. Look around u. Wer r teh kings spear an watr jug dat wuz near his head?"

saul recognizd davidz voice an sed, "iz dat ur voice, david mah son?" David replid, "yez it iz, mah lord teh king."

an he addd, "y iz mah lord pursuin his servant? Wut has i dun, an wut wrong iz i guilty ov?

nao let mah lord teh king listen 2 his servants werdz. If teh lord has incitd u against me, den cud he accept an offerin. If, howevr, doodz has dun it, cud they be cursd before teh lord! They has nao driven me frum mah share in da lordz inheritance an has sed, go, serve othr godz.

nao do not let mah blood fall 2 teh ground far frum teh presence ov teh lord. Teh king ov israel has come out 2 look 4 fleaâ€”as wan hunts partridge in da mountains."

den saul sed, "i has sinnd. Come bak, david mah son. Cuz u considerd mah life preshus todai, im gonna not try 2 harm u again. Surely i has actd liek fool an has errd greatly."

"her iz teh kings spear," david anzwerd. "let wan ov ur young doodz come ovar an git it.

teh lord rewardz evry man 4 his righteousnes an faithfulnes. Teh lord deliverd u into mah hanz todai, but i wud not lay hand on teh lordz anointd.

as surely as i valud ur life todai, so cud teh lord value mah life an delivr me frum all trouble."

undefined

In dose dais teh filistinez gatherd their forcez 2 fight against israel. Achish sed 2 david, "u must understand dat u an ur doodz will accompany me in da army."

david sed, "den u will c 4 yourself wut ur servant can do." Achish replid, "vry well, im gonna mak u mah bodyguard 4 life."

nao samuel wuz ded, an all israel had mournd 4 him an burid him in his own town ov ramah. Saul had expelld teh mediums an spiritists frum teh land.

teh filistinez assembld an came an set up camp at shunem, while saul gatherd all teh israelitez an set up camp at gilboa.

when saul saw teh filistine army, he wuz afraid; terror filld his hart.

he inquird ov teh lord, but teh lord did not anzwr him by dreams or urim or profets.

saul den sed 2 his attendants, "find me woman hoo iz medium, so i cud go an inquire ov her." "thar iz wan in endor," they sed.

so saul disguisd him, puttin on othr clothez, an at nite he an 2 doodz went 2 teh woman. "consult spirit 4 me," he sed, "an brin up 4 me teh wan i naym."

but teh woman sed 2 him, "surely u knoe wut saul has dun. He has cut off da mediums an spiritists frum teh land. Y has u set trap 4 mah life 2 brin bout mah death?"

saul swore 2 her by teh lord, "as surely as teh lord livez, u will not be punishd 4 dis."

den teh woman askd, "whom shall i brin up 4 u?" "brin up samuel," he sed.

when teh woman saw samuel, she crid out at teh top ov her voice an sed 2 saul, "y has u deceivd me? U r saul!"

teh king sed 2 her, "doan be afraid. Wut do u c?" Teh woman sed, "i c spirit [a] comin up out ov teh ground."

"wut doez he look liek?" he askd. "an old man wearin robe iz comin up," she sed. Den saul knew it wuz samuel, an he bowd down an prostratd him wif his face 2 teh ground.

samuel sed 2 saul, "y has u disturbd me by bringin me up?" "im in great distres," saul sed. "teh filistinez r fightin against me, an ceilin cat has turnd away frum me. He no longr anzwers me, eithr by profets or by dreams. So i has calld on u 2 tell me wut 2 do."

samuel sed, "y do u consult me, nao dat teh lord has turnd away frum u an become ur enemy?

teh lord has dun wut he predictd thru me. Teh lord has torn teh kingdom out ov ur hanz an given it 2 wan ov ur neighborsâ€”2 david.

cuz u did not obey teh lord or carry out his fierce wrath against teh amalekitez, teh lord has dun dis 2 u todai.

teh lord will hand ovar both israel an u 2 teh filistinez, an 2morrow u an ur sons will be wif me. Teh lord will also hand ovar teh army ov israel 2 teh filistinez."

immediately saul fell full length on teh ground, filld wif fear cuz ov samuels werdz. His strength wuz gone, 4 he had eaten nothin all dat dai an nite.

when teh woman came 2 saul an saw dat he wuz greatly shaken, she sed, "look, ur maidservant has obeyd u. I took mah life in mah hanz an did wut u told me 2 do. 22 nao plz listen 2 ur servant an let me giv u sum fud so u cud eat an has teh strength 2 go on ur wai."

undefined

he refusd an sed, "im gonna not eat." But his doodz joind teh woman in urgin him, an he listend 2 them. He got up frum teh ground an sat on teh couch.

undefined

Teh filistinez gatherd all their forcez at afek, an israel campd by teh sprin in jezreel.

as teh filistine rulers marchd wif their units ov hundredz an thousandz, david an his doodz wuz marchin at teh rear wif achish.

teh commanders ov teh filistinez askd, "wut bout thees hebrews?" Achish replid, "iz dis not david, hoo wuz an officr ov saul king ov israel? He has already been wif me 4ovar yer, an frum teh dai he left saul til nao, i has findz no fault in him."

but teh filistine commanders wuz angry wif him an sed, "send teh man bak, dat he cud return 2 teh place u assignd him. He must not go wif us into battle, or he will turn against us durin teh fightin. How bettr cud he regain his mastahs favor than by takin teh headz ov r own doodz?

isnt dis teh david they sang bout in their dancez: " saul has slain his thousandz, An david his tens ov thousandz?"

so achish calld david an sed 2 him, "as surely as teh lord livez, u has been reliable, an i wud be pleezd 2 has u serve wif me in da army. Frum teh dai u came 2 me til nao, i has findz no fault in u, but teh rulers doan approov ov u.

turn bak an go in peace; do nothin 2 displease teh filistine rulers."

"but wut has i dun?" askd david. "wut has u findz against ur servant frum teh dai i came 2 u til nao? Y cant i go an fight against teh enemiez ov mah lord teh king?"

achish anzwerd, "i knoe dat u has been as pleasin in mah eyez as an angel ov ceilin cat; nevertheles, teh filistine commanders has sed, he must not go up wif us into battle.

nao git up early, along wif ur mastahs servants hoo has come wif u, an leef in da mornin as soon as it light."

undefined

david an his doodz reachd ziklag on teh third dai. Nao teh amalekitez had raidd teh negev an ziklag. They had attackd ziklag an burnd it,

an had taken captiv teh women an all hoo wuz in it, both young an old. They killd none ov them, but carrid them off as they went on their wai.

when david an his doodz came 2 ziklag, they findz it destroyd by fire an their wivez an sons an daughters taken captiv.

so david an his doodz wept aloud til they had no strength left 2 weep.

davidz 2 wivez had been capturdâ€”ahinoam ov jezreel an abigail, teh widow ov nabal ov carmel.

david wuz greatly distresd cuz teh doodz wuz talkin ov stonin him; each wan wuz bittr in spirit cuz ov his sons an daughters. But david findz strength in da lord his ceilin cat.

den david sed 2 abiathar teh priest, teh son ov ahimelech, "brin me teh efod." abiathar brought it 2 him,

an david inquird ov teh lord, "shall i pursue dis raidin party? Will i overtaek them?" "pursue them," he anzwerd. "u will certainly overtaek them an succed in da rescue."

david an teh 6 hundrd doodz wif him came 2 teh besor ravine, wer sum stayd behind,

4 2 hundrd doodz wuz 2 exhaustd 2 cros teh ravine. But david an 4 hundrd doodz continud teh pursuit.

they findz an egyptian in field an brought him 2 david. They gaev him watr 2 drink an fud 2 eat-

part ov caek ov presd figs an 2 cakez ov raisins. He eatd an wuz revivd, 4 he had not eaten any fud or drunk any watr 4 3 dais an 3 nitez.

david askd him, "2 whom do u belong, an wer do u come frum?" He sed, "im an egyptian, teh slave ov an amalekite. Mah mastah abandond me when i became ill 3 dais ago.

we raidd teh negev ov teh kerethitez an teh territory belongin 2 judah an teh negev ov caleb. An we burnd ziklag."

david askd him, "can u lead me down 2 dis raidin party?" He anzwerd, "swear 2 me before ceilin cat dat u will not kill me or hand me ovar 2 mah mastah, an im gonna taek u down 2 them."

he led david down, an thar they wuz, scatterd ovar teh countryside, eatin, drinkin an revelin cuz ov teh great amount ov plundr they had taken frum teh land ov teh filistinez an frum judah.

david fought them frum dusk til teh evenin ov teh next dai, an none ov them got away, except 4 hundrd young doodz hoo rode off on camels an fld.

david recoverd evrythin teh amalekitez had taken, includin his 2 wivez.

nothin wuz misin: young or old, boi or gurl, plundr or anythin else they had taken. David brought evrythin bak.

he took all teh flockz an herdz, an his doodz droov them ahead ov teh othr livestock, sayin, "dis ar teh davidz plundr."

den david came 2 teh 2 hundrd doodz hoo had been 2 exhaustd 2 follow him an hoo wuz left behind at teh besor ravine. They came out 2 meet david an teh peeps wif him. As david an his doodz approachd, he greetd them.

but all teh evil doodz an troublemakers among davidz followers sed, "cuz they did not go out wif us, we will not share wif them teh plundr we recoverd. Howevr, each man cud taek his wife an children an go."

david replid, "no, mah brothers, u must not do dat wif wut teh lord has given us. He has protectd us an handd ovar 2 us teh forcez dat came against us.

hoo will listen 2 wut u say? Teh share ov teh man hoo stayd wif teh suppliez iz 2 be teh same as dat ov him hoo went down 2 teh battle. All will share alike."

david made dis statute an ordinance 4 israel frum dat dai 2 dis.

when david arrivd in ziklag, he sent sum ov teh plundr 2 teh elders ov judah, hoo wuz his frenz, sayin, "her iz present 4 u frum teh plundr ov teh lordz enemiez.

he sent it 2 dose hoo wuz in bethel, ramoth negev an jattir;

2 dose in aror, sifmoth, eshtemoa

an racal; 2 dose in da towns ov teh jerahmeelitez an teh kenitez;

2 dose in hormah, bor ashan, athach

undefined

1 nao teh filistinez fought against israel; teh israelitez fld before them, an lotz da fell slain on mount gilboa.

teh filistinez presd hard aftr saul an his sons, an they killd his sons jonathan, abinadab an malki-shua.

teh fightin grew fierce around saul, an when teh archers overtook him, they woundd him critically.

saul sed 2 his armor-bearr, "draw ur sword an run me thru, or thees uncircumcisd fellows will come an run me thru an abuse me." But his armor-bearr wuz terrifid an wud not do it; so saul took his own sword an fell on it.

when teh armor-bearr saw dat saul wuz ded, he 2 fell on his sword an did wif him.

so saul an his 3 sons an his armor-bearr an all his doodz did togethr dat same dai.

when teh israelitez along teh valley an dose acros teh jordan saw dat teh israelite army had fld an dat saul an his sons had did, they abandond their towns an fld. An teh filistinez came an occupid them.

teh next dai, when teh filistinez came 2 strip teh ded, they findz saul an his 3 sons fallen on mount gilboa.

they cut off his head an strippd off his armor, an they sent mesengers throughout teh land ov teh filistinez 2 proclaim teh news in da temple ov their idols an among their peeps.

they put his armor in da temple ov teh ashtoreths an fastend his body 2 teh wall ov beth shan.

when teh peeps ov jabesh gilead herd ov wut teh filistinez had dun 2 saul,

all their valiant doodz journeyd thru teh nite 2 beth shan. They took down teh bodiez ov saul an his sons frum teh wall ov beth shan an went 2 jabesh, wer they burnd them.

undefined

K so Saul iz teh dedd.  An David iz leik totaly pwning teh Amalekites, an den he comz bak an stayz too dayz in Ziklag.

An itz day tree, an ZOMG!!1! iz nekkid gai comin from Sauls camp.  Allmos nekkid, cloze all tore n stuf.  He can has dirt on his hedz, why he do dat?  An he fallz down in front of David, an is leik, "David u r full of win!!1!1! an awsum!1!"

An David is leik, "WTF??!?  Wher u com from, d00d??"  An he sez, I totaly ecskaped from teh Israel camp lolz.

An David sez, Wut is teh hapz over dere?  An teh neekid guy sez, D00d, iz lotsa peepuls is runned away, also lots is deedd.  Saulz iz teh dedd, an his kid Jonathan too.  It is teh suxx0r1!!1!

An David is leik, How u noze dis?

An teh nekkid guy sez, "K so Iz in Mount Gilboa, watchin ur battelz.

An ZOMG!1!! I seez Saul, leenin on his speer.  An iz lotsa guyz chasin him.

An hes leik, Who r u, an Iz leik, I r Amalkaleit.

An hes leik, D00d, u gotta kill me.  Srsly.  Iz not wanting to live no moor, it iz to suxx.

So I tottaly killded him!!!1!1  Cuz he woodint b havin no cheezburgers newae after he wazent kign no moar.  An I got hiz crown and dis bracelet wut he wuz warin, lolz.  U can totaly haz dem, David."

Den David is teerin of his cloze, an all hiz d00dz to.

An dey was crine cuz Saul an his kid got killded in teh fite, an dey wouldn't haz no foodz dey wuz to sad, not even cheezburgers.

David sez to teh Akmakalit gai, "Ware u frum agin?"  An he sez, "Iz a immigant."

An David is leik, "U tottaly shd of thot twize about killin Saul, cuz he waz teh king wit teh anointing an stuf."

An David gotz one of hiz d00dz to smoted on teh Almallikit gai.  An he watz smoted till hez dedd.

An David sez, "D00d, u watz totaly aksin for it, lolz."

An David maded Saul an hiz kid a sad song

undefined

K so nao David gotz to aks teh Ceiling Cat watz next?  I can goze up to Judah citteez?  N Ceiling Cat sez, "Goz up."  An David is leik, "WTF?!1?  Up wear?"  N Ceiling Cat is all, "Up to Hebron, n00b."  An David is leik, kthxbye.

K so David goze dere, an he takez hiz too wyves (dey gotz to long names to rite dem, plus who cares),

n his gaiz, all of dem, an dey watz tottally living dere in Hebron.

An teh Judah gaiz camed, an dey gaved David teh holee catnip, n den he watz leik tottaly teh Top Cat in Judah!!1!1  OMG!1!  K den dey tellz him it watz Jabesh Gilead gaiz wut berried Saul.

An David is all, "U Jabesh Gilead gaiz, teh Ceiling Cat tinkz u r teh r0xx0r!!11!

Him n me givez uz sooo many cheezburgers for berryin Saul leik dat.

N nao u shd totaly git reddy an work ur scrachin posts, cuz Saulz is teh deedd, an I am teh Top Cat in teh Judah ZOMG!!1!1"

K but WTF!!  Dis gai Abner, fum Saulz krew, he takez anuuder won ov Saulz kidz, Ishball, an he takze him to Manahananahim (???),

n he tottaly makz him (Ishbowl) teh king of teh Israel!!1!1 ovar teh Gileadsez, n teh Assyrianz, n teh Bengals, n teh Manxesez n leik dat.  (Iz to menni namez her.)

An oh btw Ishbo watz teh OLD wen he can haz kingdom, leik forty, an he no can haz kingdom onlie for too yeerz.  An he no can hatz Judah, dat iz Davidzes!!1! So GTFO Ishbo!11!

Oh an also btw Davidz watz teh Top Cat in Hebron fur leik SEVIN yeerz!1!!  PWNAGE!!

K so Abner n Ishboll (Saulz kid) n dere gaiz can goze frum Mahahahanamim (???) to Gibeon.

N Joab n Davdiz gaiz, dey go out n meet teh Salz gaiz by dis pool n sitz daon, teh Saulz gais on wun side n teh Davidz gaiz on teh udder.

An Abner sez to Joab, "We can haz fite nao wif are gaiz?"  An Joab sez, "DO WANT!!!"

N dere watz twelf Bengal kittehs fitein for Saulz n twelf udder kine kittehs for Davidz.

K an dey all bited each udders headz, an smoted on eech udder in teh sidez, den dey all fallz daown!!1!1! weerd huh? An datz wai dey callz wear dey watz fiteing HELLKATZ IHAZEM.  Iz in Gibeon, u cd go seez it.

N den dere was battel for realz, n Abner n teh Isreals watz tottaly PWNED by teh Davidz gaiz lolz1!1!!  Yay Davidz!1!

K n so dere watz tree gaiz, brudders, Joab n Abishai n Asahel, an Asahel watz fast leik bunneh.

An Asahel watz gone after Abner, an not let noffin distrack him, not even if dere watz katnipz!!

An Abner lookz, an hez leik, "Iz u Asahel," an Asahel is leik, duh.

An Abnerz leik, "D00d! Iz deedd gaiz all ovar u can haz der armer n stuf, wai u be chassin me!1!1"  K but Asahel duzzint stop chaisin him.

An Abernz all, "D00d, doan mak me smoted u!  Dat wd piss off yr bruder Joab, srsly."

But Asahel duzzint stop.  An Abner can smoted him wif hiz speer, rite in teh tums, ow! n teh speer comez out teh bakk said, it watz tottaly gross!!1!  N evrybuddie dat camed ware Asahel falld jes stod dere lookin.

Not Joab an Abishai, tho, dey tottaly kep gone after Abner, even wen it gotted dark.  N dey gotz to dis hill called Ammah, dat watz leik on teh way to Gibeon, I duzzint no teh dureckshuns tho.

An teh Bengal kittehs all comed around Abner on teh top of teh hillz, an dey watz makkin meen faces at Joab to skeer him.

K n so Abner iz yellin to Joab, leik, "Hey d00d!  Wai u gotz to keep smotin??  I dozent tink dis can haz good end.  Izzent we all kittehs togedder?  So stop alreddy pwning utz!!1!"

An Joab is leik, Good thing u sed somethin, we wooda tottaly kep goin lolz.

K n so Joab made a big MAAOWRR, n hiz gaiz stopped smotin, an dey stopped runnin after teh Israel gaiz.

An den Abner n his gaiz gotted awai at nite, n dey camed over teh Jordan river an bai teh nekxt day dey camed bak to teh Mammajamma (??) plaice.

An sins Joab wazzint chassin Abner no moar he camed bak to.  An wen dey counted dere gaiz dey watz missin leik nineteen of em.

But dey killded leik tree leventy hunnerd of teh Abner gaiz, so leik I sedd, PWNAGE!!1!

An dey berried Asahal wear his fader watz, in Bethlehem, it waz to sad.

undefined

teh war tween teh houz ov saul an teh houz ov david lastd long tiem. David grew strongr an strongr, while teh houz ov saul grew weakr an weakr.

sons wuz born 2 david in hebron: His firstborn wuz amnon teh son ov ahinoam ov jezreel;

his second, kileab teh son ov abigail teh widow ov nabal ov carmel; Teh third, absalom teh son ov maacah daughtr ov talmai king ov geshur;

teh fourth, adonijah teh son ov haggith; Teh fifth, shefatiah teh son ov abital;

an teh sixth, ithream teh son ov davidz wife eglah. Thees wuz born 2 david in hebron.

durin teh war tween teh houz ov saul an teh houz ov david, abnr had been strengthenin his own posishun in da houz ov saul.

nao saul had had concubine namd rizpah daughtr ov aiah. An ish-bosheth sed 2 abnr, "y u sleep wif mah fathers concubine?"

abnr wuz vry angry cuz ov wut ish-bosheth sed an he anzwerd, "iz i dawgs head on judahs side? Dis vry dai im loyal 2 teh houz ov ur fathr saul an 2 his pplz an frenz. I havent handd u ovar 2 david. Yet nao u accuse me ov an offense involvin dis woman!

cud ceilin cat deal wif abnr, be it evr so severely, if i no do 4 david wut teh lord promisd him on oath

an tranzfr teh kingdom frum teh houz ov saul an establish davidz throne ovar israel an judah frum dan 2 beersheba."

ish-bosheth did not dare 2 say anothr werd 2 abnr, cuz he wuz afraid ov him.

den abnr sent mesengers on his behalf 2 say 2 david, "whose land iz? Mak an agreement wif me, an im gonna halp u brin all israel ovar 2 u."

"gud," sed david. "im gonna mak an agreement wif u. But i demand wan ting ov u: do not come into mah presence unles u brin michal daughtr ov saul when u come 2 c me."

den david sent mesengers 2 ish-bosheth son ov saul, demandin, "gimie mah wife michal, whom i betrothd 2 myself 4 da price ov hundrd filistine foreskins."

so ish-bosheth gaev orders an had her taken away frum her husband paltiel son ov laish.

her husband, howevr, went wif her, weepin behind her all teh wai 2 bahurim. Den abnr sed 2 him, "go bak home!" so he went bak.

abnr conferrd wif teh elders ov israel an sed, "4 sum tiem u has wantd 2 mak david ur king.

nao do it! 4 da lord promisd david, by mah servant david im gonna rescue mah peeps israel frum teh hand ov teh filistinez an frum teh hand ov all their enemiez. "

abnr also spoke 2 teh benjamitez in person. Den he went 2 hebron 2 tell david evrythin dat israel an teh whole houz ov benjamin wantd 2 do.

when abnr, hoo had twenty doodz wif him, came 2 david at hebron, david prepard feast 4 him an his doodz.

den abnr sed 2 david, "let me go at once an assemble all israel 4 mah lord teh king, so dat they cud mak compact wif u, an dat u cud rule ovar all dat ur hart desirez." so david sent abnr away, an he went in peace.

jus den davidz doodz an joab returnd frum raid an brought wif them great deal ov plundr. But abnr wuz no longr wif david in hebron, cuz david had sent him away, an he had gone in peace.

when joab an all teh soldiers wif him arrivd, he wuz told dat abnr son ov ner had come 2 teh king an dat teh king had sent him away an dat he had gone in peace.

so joab went 2 teh king an sed, "wut has u dun? Look, abnr came 2 u. Y u let him go? Nao he iz gone!

u knoe abnr son ov ner; he came 2 deceiv u an observe ur movements an find out evrythin u r doin."

joab den left david an sent mesengers aftr abnr, an they brought him bak frum teh well ov sirah. But david did not knoe it.

nao when abnr returnd 2 hebron, joab took him aside into teh gateway, as though 2 speek wif him privately. An thar, 2 avenge teh blood ov his brothr asahel, joab stabbd him in da stumuk, an he did.

latr, when david herd bout dis, he sed, "i an mah kingdom r forevr innosent before teh lord concernin teh blood ov abnr son ov ner.

cud his blood fall upon teh head ov joab an upon all his fathers houz! Cud joabs houz nevr be without someone hoo has runnin sore or leprosy [a] or hoo leanz on crutch or hoo falls by teh lightsaber or hoo lackz fud."

(joab an his brothr abishai murderd abnr cuz he had killd their brothr asahel in da battle at gibeon.)

den david sed 2 joab an all teh peeps wif him, "tear ur clothez an put on sackcloth an walk in mournin in frunt ov abnr." king david him walkd behind teh bir.

they burid abnr in hebron, an teh king wept aloud at abners tomb. All teh peeps wept also.

teh king sang dis lament 4 abnr: "shud abnr has did as teh lawles dye?

ur hanz wuz not bound, 
Ur feet wuz not fetterd. 
U fell as wan falls before wickd doodz." 
An all teh peeps wept ovar him again.

den they all came an urgd david 2 eat somethin while it wuz still dai; but david took an oath, sayin, "cud ceilin cat deal wif me, be it evr so severely, if i taste bread or anythin else before teh sun sets!"

all teh peeps took nowt an wuz pleezd; inded, evrythin teh king did pleezd them.

so on dat dai all teh peeps an all israel knew dat teh king had no part in da murdr ov abnr son ov ner.

den teh king sed 2 his doodz, "do u not realize dat prince an great man has fallen in israel dis dai?

undefined

An all teh Israel peeps caem tu David at Hebron an wuz leik, "Wez yo kittehs fo reals! We iz wun fambly and stuffs! SRSLY, k?

Wen dat d00d Saul waz Top Cat n stuff, yu wuz teh wun who actshully leed uz wen we fited teh nasty doggz. An Ceiling Cat eben tol yu, 'Yuo gunna be teh sheperd uf mai Israel peeps, an yu gunna be Top Cat!'"

Teh old cats iz old, butt dey all goed to TopCat David at Hebron. Top Cat David maed deel with them (leik, yuz no steel mah mouseh toyz, I no poop in yuz food bowl, onlee teh deel wif David an teh old cats wuz a littel diffent, probly). Newai, den teh old cats giv David good lickin, wich meens dey liek him, an David waz TopCat in Israel! OMG YAY!!!

David wuz tirty wen him startd bein TopCat, an he bez teh Top Cat fo FOARTY YERS! OMG WOAAH!

He wuz in Hebron bein Top Cat uf Judah fo seben yers n six monts, an den in Jerusalem he wuz bein TopCat uf Judah AN Israel fo thirty-tree yaers! Srsly.

Teh king an his doodz marchd 2 jerusalem 2 attack teh jebusiets, hoo livd thar. Teh jebusiets sed 2 david, "u will not git in her; even teh blind an teh lame can ward u off." they thot, "david cant git in her."

nevertheles, david capturd teh fortres ov zion, teh city ov david.

on dat dai, david sed, "anyone hoo conquers teh jebusiets will has 2 use teh watr shaft [a] 2 reach dose lame an blind hoo r davidz enemiez. [b] " dat iz y they say, "teh blind an lame will not entr teh palace."

david den took up residence in da fortres an calld it teh city ov david. He built up teh area around it, frum teh supportin terracez [c] inward.

an he became moar an moar powerful, cuz teh lord ceilin cat almighty wuz wif him.

nao hiram king ov tyre sent mesengers 2 david, along wif cedar logs an carpenters an stonemasons, an they built palace 4 david.

an david knew dat teh lord had establishd him as king ovar israel an had exaltd his kingdom 4 da saek ov his peeps israel.

aftr he left hebron, david took moar concubinez an wivez in jerusalem, an moar sons an daughters wuz born 2 him.

thees r teh namez ov teh children born 2 him thar: shammua, shobab, nathan, solomon,

ibhar, elishua, nefeg, jafia, 16 elishama, eliada an elifelet.

undefined

when teh filistinez herd dat david had been anointd king ovar israel, they went up in full force 2 search 4 him, but david herd bout it an went down 2 teh stronghold.

nao teh filistinez had come an spread out in da valley ov refaim;

so david inquird ov teh lord, "shall i go an attack teh filistinez? Will u hand them ovar 2 me?" Teh lord anzwerd him, "go, 4 im gonna surely hand teh filistinez ovar 2 u."

so david went 2 baal perazim, an thar he defeatd them. He sed, "as waters break out, teh lord has brokd out against mah enemiez before me." so dat place wuz calld baal perazim. [d]

teh filistinez abandond their idols thar, an david an his doodz carrid them off.

once moar teh filistinez came up an spread out in da valley ov refaim;

so david inquird ov teh lord, an he anzwerd, "do not go straight up, but circle around behind them an attack them in frunt ov teh balsam treez.

undefined

david again brought togethr out ov israel chosen doodz, thirty thousand in all.

he an all his doodz set out frum baalah ov judah [a] 2 brin up frum thar teh ark ov ceilin cat, which iz calld by teh naym, [b] teh naym ov teh lord almighty, hoo iz enthrond tween teh cherubim dat r on teh ark.

they set teh ark ov ceilin cat on new cart an brought it frum teh houz ov abinadab, which wuz on teh hill. Uzzah an ahio, sons ov abinadab, wuz guidin teh new cart

wif teh ark ov ceilin cat on it, [c] an ahio wuz walkin in frunt ov it.

david an teh whole houz ov israel wuz celebratin wif all their mite before teh lord, wif songs [d] an wif harps, lyrez, tambourinez, sistrums an cymbals.

when they came 2 teh threshin floor ov nacon, uzzah reachd out an took hold ov teh ark ov ceilin cat, cuz teh oxen stumbld.

teh lordz angr burnd against uzzah cuz ov his irreverent act; therefore ceilin cat struck him down an he did thar beside teh ark ov ceilin cat.

den david wuz angry cuz teh lordz wrath had brokd out against uzzah, an 2 dis dai dat place iz calld perez uzzah. [e]

david wuz afraid ov teh lord dat dai an sed, "how can teh ark ov teh lord evr come 2 me?"

he wuz not willin 2 taek teh ark ov teh lord 2 be wif him in da city ov david. Instead, he took it aside 2 teh houz ov obd-edom teh gittite.

teh ark ov teh lord remaind in da houz ov obd-edom teh gittite 4 3 months, an teh lord blesd him an his entire haushold.

nao king david wuz told, "teh lord has blesd teh haushold ov obd-edom an evrythin he has, cuz ov teh ark ov ceilin cat." so david went down an brought up teh ark ov ceilin cat frum teh houz ov obd-edom 2 teh city ov david wif rejoicin.

when dose hoo wuz carryin teh ark ov teh lord had taken 6 steps, he sacrificd bull an fattend calf.

david, wearin linen efod, dancd before teh lord wif all his mite,

while he an teh entire houz ov israel brought up teh ark ov teh lord wif shouts an teh sound ov trumpets.

as teh ark ov teh lord wuz enterin teh city ov david, michal daughtr ov saul watchd frum window. An when she saw king david leapin an dancin before teh lord, she despisd him in her hart.

they brought teh ark ov teh lord an set it in itz place inside teh tent dat david had pitchd 4 it, an david sacrificd burnt offerings an fellowship offerings [f] before teh lord.

aftr he had finishd sacrificin teh burnt offerings an fellowship offerings, he blesd teh peeps in da naym ov teh lord almighty.

den he gaev loaf ov bread, caek ov datez an caek ov raisins 2 each person in da whole crowd ov israelitez, both doodz an women. An all teh peeps went 2 their homez.

when david returnd home 2 bles his haushold, michal daughtr ov saul came out 2 meet him an sed, "how teh king ov israel has distinguishd him todai, disrobin in da sight ov teh slave gurls ov his servants as any vulgar fellow wud!"

david sed 2 michal, "it wuz before teh lord, hoo chose me rathr than ur fathr or anyone frum his houz when he appointd me rulr ovar teh lordz peeps israelâ€”im gonna celebrate before teh lord.

im gonna become even moar undignifid than dis, an im gonna be humiliatd in mah own eyez. But by thees slave gurls u spoke ov, im gonna be held in honor."

undefined

aftr teh king wuz settld in his palace an teh lord had given him rest frum all his enemiez around him,

he sed 2 nathan teh profet, "her im, livin in palace ov cedar, while teh ark ov ceilin cat remains in tent."

nathan replid 2 teh king, "whatevr u has in mind, go ahead an do it, 4 da lord iz wif u."

dat nite teh werd ov teh lord came 2 nathan, sayin:

"go an tell mah servant david, dis ar teh wut teh lord sez: r u teh wan 2 build me houz 2 dwell in?

i has not dwelt in houz frum teh dai i brought teh israelitez up out ov egypt 2 dis dai. I has been movin frum place 2 place wif tent as mah dwellin.

wherevr i has movd wif all teh israelitez, did i evr say 2 any ov their rulers whom i commandd 2 sheferd mah peeps israel, "y has u not built me houz ov cedar?"

"nao den, tell mah servant david, dis ar teh wut teh lord almighty sez: i took u frum teh paschur an frum followin teh flock 2 be rulr ovar mah peeps israel.

i has been wif u wherevr u has gone, an i has cut off all ur enemiez frum before u. Nao im gonna mak ur naym great, liek teh namez ov teh greatest doodz ov teh earth.

an im gonna provide place 4 mah peeps israel an will plant them so dat they can has home ov their own an no longr be disturbd. Wickd peeps will not oppres them nomore, as they did at teh beginnin

an has dun evr since teh tiem i appointd leaders [a] ovar mah peeps israel. Im gonna also giv u rest frum all ur enemiez. " teh lord declarez 2 u dat teh lord him will establish houz 4 u:

when ur dais r ovar an u rest wif ur fathers, im gonna raize up ur offsprin 2 succed u, hoo will come frum ur own body, an im gonna establish his kingdom.

he iz teh wan hoo will build houz 4 mah naym, an im gonna establish teh throne ov his kingdom forevr.

im gonna be his fathr, an he will be mah son. When he doez wrong, im gonna punish him wif teh rod ov doodz, wif floggings inflictd by doodz.

but mah luv will nevr be taken away frum him, as i took it away frum saul, whom i removd frum before u.

ur houz an ur kingdom will endure forevr before me [b] ; ur throne will be establishd forevr. "

nathan reportd 2 david all teh werdz ov dis entire revelashun.

den king david went in an sat before teh lord, an he sed: "hoo iz i, o sovereign lord, an wut iz mah pplz, dat u has brought me dis far?

an as if dis wuz not enough in ur sight, o sovereign lord, u has also spoken bout teh fuchur ov teh houz ov ur servant. Iz dis ur usual wai ov dealin wif man, o sovereign lord ?

"wut moar can david say 2 u? 4 u knoe ur servant, o sovereign lord.

4 da saek ov ur werd an accordin 2 ur will, u has dun dis great ting an made it known 2 ur servant.

"how great u r, o sovereign lord! Thar iz no wan liek u, an thar iz no ceilin cat but u, as we has herd wif r own ears.

an hoo iz liek ur peeps israelâ€”teh wan nashun on earth dat ceilin cat went out 2 redeem as peeps 4 him, an 2 mak naym 4 him, an 2 perform great an awsum wonders by drivin out nashuns an their godz frum before ur peeps, whom u redeemd frum egypt? [c]

u has establishd ur peeps israel as ur vry own forevr, an u, o lord, has become their ceilin cat.

"an nao, lord ceilin cat, keep forevr teh promize u has made concernin ur servant an his houz. Do as u promisd,

so dat ur naym will be great forevr. Den doodz will say, teh lord almighty iz ceilin cat ovar israel! An teh houz ov ur servant david will be establishd before u.

"o lord almighty, ceilin cat ov israel, u has reveald dis 2 ur servant, sayin, im gonna build houz 4 u. So ur servant has findz courage 2 offr u dis prayr.

o sovereign lord, u r ceilin cat! Ur werdz r trustworthy, an u has promisd thees gud things 2 ur servant.

undefined

In teh corze uf tiem, Devid srsly pwned the crazy jews nd ttlly mde dem n00bz, nd he tk Metheg Ammah frm teh base of teh Philistines, geting all der baes nd maeking it hiz. Srsly.

Devid kan haz nd alwaiz wll pwn teh Moar-bitez. He mde dem liez downz on teh fuzzy carptez nd licekd dem off wif a piec of hurt. Erry two bitz of dem was shotz, and teh dird bitz wuz let live lung. Zo teh Moar-bitez

becommed zubjected too Devid nd brunged cheezeburgerz. Moreovr, david fought hadadezr son ov rehob, king ov zobah, when he went 2 restore his control along teh eufratez rivr.

david capturd thousand ov his chariots, 7 thousand charioteers [a] an twenty thousand foot soldiers. He hamstrung all but hundrd ov teh chariot horsez.

when teh arameanz ov damascus came 2 halp hadadezr king ov zobah, david struck down twenty-2 thousand ov them.

he put garrisons in da aramean kingdom ov damascus, an teh arameanz became subject 2 him an brought tribute. Teh lord gaev david victory wherevr he went.

david took teh gold shieldz dat belongd 2 teh officers ov hadadezr an brought them 2 jerusalem.

frum tebah [b] an berothai, towns dat belongd 2 hadadezr, king david took great quantity ov bronze.

when tou [c] king ov hamath herd dat david had defeatd teh entire army ov hadadezr,

he sent his son joram [d] 2 king david 2 greet him an congratulate him on his victory in battle ovar hadadezr, hoo had been at war wif tou. Joram brought wif him articlez ov silvr an gold an bronze.

king david dedicatd thees articlez 2 teh lord, as he had dun wif teh silvr an gold frum all teh nashuns he had subdud:

edom [e] an moab, teh ammonitez an teh filistinez, an amalek. He also dedicatd teh plundr taken frum hadadezr son ov rehob, king ov zobah.

an david became famous aftr he returnd frum strikin down eighteen thousand edomitez [f] in da valley ov salt.

he put garrisons throughout edom, an all teh edomitez became subject 2 david. Teh lord gaev david victory wherevr he went.

david reignd ovar all israel, doin wut wuz jus an rite 4 all his peeps.

joab son ov zeruiah wuz ovar teh army; jehoshafat son ov ahilud wuz recordr;

zadok son ov ahitub an ahimelech son ov abiathar wuz priests; seraiah wuz secretary;

undefined

So Devid ses "r ther any kats left frm haus f Sawl?"

Zeeba wz a hoomin hu fed teh katz in teh haus f Sawl, n Devid ses, "r yoo Zeeba?" n he goes "ya" n Devid ses "O RLY?" n he ses  "YA RLY!" n Devid goes "NO WAY!" n Zeeba goes "YA WAY!"

so Devid ses "I can has grandson f Sawl?" n Zeeba ses "YA! but he no can has walking!" an Devid goes "srsly?" n Zeeba ses "Ya, srsly!"

Now Devid ses "Wr is dis grandson?" n Zeeba goes "Hes in da haus f dis cat Machir in Lodebar Alee!

Devid ses "I can has talk wit dis kitten?"

Mefibseta, teh granson, coems ovr an ses "O Devid! iz pwned by u!"

But Devid ses "no waa man! u need ur grandcatz alleee bak! u can has cheezburger in ma palaz any taim!

An Devid ses "u pwn me man!"

den Devid ses "Zeeba! get dis cats allee back to him!"

"u b a gud hoomin for dis cat now zeeba!"

now zeeba ses "ya way devid! iz duin wat u askd!" [a]

mefibseta has kitty now, he has name "Maika",

undefined

den teh king of teh kittehs of Ammen got deaded an askendud in2 ceilin, an Hannen becam King.

Devid sed "Hannen can has cheezburger becuz Ammen gev me cheezburger. so Devid sended his hoomin servents 2 Hannen, so Hannen can has comfert.

but Hannens servents sed "Devid wants 2 spyzorz on you mah kitteh! hes a nastee kat!"

so Hannen shavud all of Devids servents so dat one half were furry an teh udder not. o noes!

wehn Devid heer dis, he sed "stayz heer in Jayreeco til yous all fuzzy agen."

but when Ammens kittehs hurd dat Devid wuz sad, dey sent out loadsa trupes, turty tree tousand.

an Devid sent out his trupes to battul.

an Ammens kittehs caem out,

an Joab caem out agenst em,

an is brutha Abisai 2.

an Joab sed, "if 1 of us is faylin in teh battul, den he can has help frum teh udder, kk? kthx.

Ceilin Kat b wit us, mah brutha!"

an then teh battul kommensd,

an Joab pwned teh kittehs of Ammen, an dey retreetud in2 teh citee.

aftr teh arameanz saw dat they had been routd by israel, they regroupd.

hadadezr had arameanz brought frum beyond teh rivr [a] ; they went 2 helam, wif shobach teh commandr ov hadadezers army leadin them.

when david wuz told ov dis, he gatherd all israel, crosd teh jordan an went 2 helam. Teh arameanz formd their battle linez 2 meet david an fought against him.

but they fld before israel, an david killd 7 hundrd ov their charioteers an forty thousand ov their foot soldiers. [b] he also struck down shobach teh commandr ov their army, an he did thar.

undefined

in da sprin, at teh tiem when kings go off 2 war, david sent joab out wif teh kings doodz an teh whole israelite army. They destroyd teh ammonitez an besiegd rabbah. But david remaind in jerusalem.

wan evenin david got up frum his bed an walkd around on teh roof ov teh palace. Frum teh roof he saw woman bafin. Teh woman wuz vry beautiful,

an david sent someone 2 find out bout her. Teh man sed, "isnt dis bafsheba, teh daughtr ov eliam an teh wife ov uriah teh hittite?"

den david sent mesengers 2 git her. She came 2 him, an he slept wif her. (she had purifid herself frum her uncleannes.) den [a] she went bak home.

teh woman conceivd an sent werd 2 david, sayin, "im pregnant."

so david sent dis werd 2 joab: "send me uriah teh hittite." an joab sent him 2 david.

when uriah came 2 him, david askd him how joab wuz, how teh soldiers wuz an how teh war wuz goin.

den david sed 2 uriah, "go down 2 ur houz an wash ur feet." so uriah left teh palace, an gift frum teh king wuz sent aftr him.

but uriah slept at teh entrance 2 teh palace wif all his mastahs servants an did not go down 2 his houz.

when david wuz told, "uriah did not go home," he askd him, "havent u jus come frum distance? Y didnt u go home?"

uriah sed 2 david, "teh ark an israel an judah r stayin in tents, an mah mastah joab an mah lordz doodz r campd in da open fieldz. How cud i go 2 mah houz 2 eat an drink an lie wif mah wife? As surely as u liv, im gonna not do such ting!"

den david sed 2 him, "stay her wan moar dai, an 2morrow im gonna send u bak." so uriah remaind in jerusalem dat dai an teh next.

at davidz invitashun, he eatd an drank wif him, an david made him drunk. But in da evenin uriah went out 2 sleep on his mat among his mastahs servants; he did not go home.

in da mornin david wrote lettr 2 joab an sent it wif uriah.

in it he wrote, "put uriah in da frunt line wer teh fightin iz fiercest. Den withdraw frum him so he will be struck down an dye."

so while joab had teh city undr siege, he put uriah at place wer he knew teh strongest defenders wuz.

when teh doodz ov teh city came out an fought against joab, sum ov teh doodz in davidz army fell; moreovr, uriah teh hittite did.

joab sent david full akownt ov teh battle.

he instructd teh mesengr: "when u has finishd givin teh king dis akownt ov teh battle,

teh kings angr cud flare up, an he cud ask u, y u git so close 2 teh city 2 fight? Didnt u knoe they wud shoot arrows frum teh wall?

hoo killd abimelech son ov jerub-besheth [b] ? Didnt woman throw an uppr millstone on him frum teh wall, so dat he did in thebez? Y u git so close 2 teh wall? If he askz u dis, den say 2 him, also, ur servant uriah teh hittite iz ded. "

teh mesengr set out, an when he arrivd he told david evrythin joab had sent him 2 say.

teh mesengr sed 2 david, "teh doodz overpowerd us an came out against us in da open, but we droov them bak 2 teh entrance 2 teh city gate.

den teh archers shot arrows at ur servants frum teh wall, an sum ov teh kings doodz did. Moreovr, ur servant uriah teh hittite iz ded."

david told teh mesengr, "say dis 2 joab: doan let dis upset u; teh lightsaber devours wan as well as anothr. Pres teh attack against teh city an destroy it. Say dis 2 encourage joab."

when uriahs wife herd dat her husband wuz ded, she mournd 4 him.

undefined

teh lord sent nathan 2 david. When he came 2 him, he sed, "thar wuz 2 doodz in certain town, wan rich an teh othr poor.

teh rich man had vry large numbr ov sheep an kattle,

but teh poor man had nothin except wan lil ewe lamb he had buyd. He raisd it, an it grew up wif him an his children. It shard his fud, drank frum his cup an even slept in his arms. It wuz liek daughtr 2 him.

"nao travelr came 2 teh rich man, but teh rich man refraind frum takin wan ov his own sheep or kattle 2 prepare meal 4 da travelr hoo had come 2 him. Instead, he took teh ewe lamb dat belongd 2 teh poor man an prepard it 4 da wan hoo had come 2 him."

david burnd wif angr against teh man an sed 2 nathan, "as surely as teh lord livez, teh man hoo did dis deservez 2 dye!

he must pai 4 dat lamb 4 tiems ovar, cuz he did such ting an had no pity."

den nathan sed 2 david, "u r teh man! Dis ar teh wut teh lord, teh ceilin cat ov israel, sez: i anointd u king ovar israel, an i deliverd u frum teh hand ov saul.

i gaev ur mastahs houz 2 u, an ur mastahs wivez into ur arms. I gaev u teh houz ov israel an judah. An if all dis had been 2 lil, i wud has given u even moar.

y u despize teh werd ov teh lord by doin wut iz evil in his eyez? U struck down uriah teh hittite wif teh sword an took his wife 2 be ur own. U killd him wif teh sword ov teh ammonitez.

nao, therefore, teh sword will nevr depart frum ur houz, cuz u despisd me an took teh wife ov uriah teh hittite 2 be ur own.

"dis ar teh wut teh lord sez: out ov ur own haushold im goin 2 brin calamity upon u. Before ur vry eyez im gonna taek ur wivez an giv them 2 wan hoo iz close 2 u, an he will lie wif ur wivez in broad dailight.

u did it in seekret, but im gonna do dis ting in broad dailight before all israel. "

den david sed 2 nathan, "i has sinnd against teh lord." Nathan replid, "teh lord has taken away ur sin. U r not goin 2 dye.

but cuz by doin dis u has made teh enemiez ov teh lord show uttr contempt, [a] teh son born 2 u will dye."

aftr nathan had gone home, teh lord struck teh child dat uriahs wife had borne 2 david, an he became ill.

david pleadd wif ceilin cat 4 da child. He fastd an went into his houz an spent teh nitez lyin on teh ground.

teh elders ov his haushold stood beside him 2 git him up frum teh ground, but he refusd, an he wud not eat any fud wif them.

on teh seventh dai teh child did. Davidz servants wuz afraid 2 tell him dat teh child wuz ded, 4 they thot, "while teh child wuz still livin, we spoke 2 david but he wud not listen 2 us. How can we tell him teh child iz ded? He cud do somethin desperate."

david noticd dat his servants wuz whisperin among themselvez an he realizd teh child wuz ded. "iz teh child ded?" he askd."yez," they replid, "he iz ded."

den david got up frum teh ground. Aftr he had washd, put on loshuns an changd his clothez, he went into teh houz ov teh lord an worshipd. Den he went 2 his own houz, an at his request they servd him fud, an he eatd.

his servants askd him, "y r u actin dis wai? While teh child wuz aliv, u fastd an wept, but nao dat teh child iz ded, u git up an eat!"

he anzwerd, "while teh child wuz still aliv, i fastd an wept. I thot, hoo knows? Teh lord cud be grashus 2 me an let teh child liv.

but nao dat he iz ded, y shud i fast? I can brin him bak again? Im gonna go 2 him, but he will not return 2 me."

den david comfortd his wife bafsheba, an he went 2 her and did PENIS GOES WHERE? with her. She gaev birf 2 son, an they namd him solomon. Teh lord ♥ed  him;

an cuz teh lord lovd him, he sent werd thru nathan teh profet 2 naym him jedidiah. [b]

meanwhile joab fought against rabbah ov teh ammonitez an capturd teh royal citadel.

joab den sent mesengers 2 david, sayin, "i has fought against rabbah an taken itz watr supply.

nao mustr teh rest ov teh troops an besiege teh city an capchur it. Otherwize im gonna taek teh city, an it will be namd aftr me."

so david musterd teh entire army an went 2 rabbah, an attackd an capturd it.

he took teh crown frum teh head ov their king [c] ”itz weight wuz talent [d] ov gold, an it wuz set wif preshus stonez an it wuz placd on davidz head. He took great quantity ov plundr frum teh city

undefined

in da course ov tiem, Amnon son ov David fel in luv wif Tamar, teh beautiful sistr ov Absalom son ov David, and Amnon ♥ed Tamar very much.

Amnon becaem frustratd to teh point ov sik on akownt ov his sistr Tamar, for she wuz virginn, an it seemd imposibel foar him to do NEting to her.

nao Amnon had frend namd Jonadab son ov Shimeah, Davids brovr. Jonadab wuz vry shrewd man. srsly. for he askd Amnon, "y do u, teh kings son, look so haggard mornin aftr mornin? wont u tell meh?" 
Amnon sed to him, "im in luv wif Tamar, mah brothr Absaloms sistr."

undefined

"go to bed an pretend to has sik," Jonadab sed. "when ur fathr comez to c u, say to him, i wud liek mah sistr Tamar to come an gimie sumthin to nom. let her prepare teh fud in mah site so i can has watch her an has nom frum her hand. "

so Amnon lay down an pretendd to has sik. wen teh king came to c him, Amnon sed to him, "i wud liek mah sistr Tamar to come an maek sum speshul bredd in mah site, so i can has nom frum her hand."

David sended werd to Tamar at teh palace: "go to teh houz ov ur brovr Amnon an maek sum fud for him."

so Tamar went to teh houz ov her brovr Amnon, hoo wuz lyin down. she took sum doe, neaded it, maed teh bred in his site an bakd it.

den she took teh pan an servd him teh bred, but he refusd to nom. "send evryone out ov her," Amnon sed. so evryone gtfo.

den Amnon sed to Tamar, "brin teh fud her into mah bedrum so i can has nom frum ur hand." an Tamar took teh bred her had maekd an brought it to her brovr Amnon in his bedrum.

but when she took it to him to nom, he grabbd her an sed, "I ♥ u.  plz come to bed wif me.  plz?"

"NO!1!" she sed. "ur my brother.  dont foarse me to koem to bed with u. such ting shud not be dun in israel! dont do dis wickd ting!

wut bout meh? wer cud i git rid ov mah disgrace? an wut bout u? u wud be liek wan ov teh wickd fools in israel. plz speek to teh king; he will not keep me frum bean marrid to u."

but he refusd to listen to her, an since he wuz strongr than her (cuz he was a boi), he rapd her ZOMG.

den Amnon hatd her wif intense hatrd. in fact, he hatd her moar than he had lovd her. Amnon sed to her, "git up an GTFO!!1!!"

"no!" she sed to him. "sendin meh awai wud be greatr wrong than wut u already has dun to meh."   but he refusd to listn to her.

he callded his pursonal survant an sed, "git dis woman out ov her an bolt teh door aftr her."

so his servant putted her owt an boltd teh door aftr her. her wuz wearin richly ornamentd bling [a] robe, for dis wuz teh kind ov garment teh virgin daughters ov teh king wored.

Tamar put ashez on her head an toar teh ornamentd bling [b] robe she wuz wearin. she putd her hand on her head an went away, weepin aloud as she went.

her brothr Absalom sed to her, "has dat Amnon, ur brothr, been wif u? be quiet nao, mah sistr; he iz ur brothr. doan taek dis ting to ♥." an Tamar livd in her brothr Absaloms houz, desolat woman.

when king David herd all dis, he wuz has furious. srsly!

Absalom nevr sed werd 2 Amnon, eithr gud or bad; he hatd Amnon cuz he had disgracd his sistr Tamar. srsly.

Too yeers latr, when Absaloms sheepshearers wuz at baal hazor near teh bordr ov efraim, he invitd all teh kings sons to come thar.

Absalom went to teh king an sed, "ur servant he has had shearers come. will teh king an his ofishulls plz join meh?"

"no, mah son," teh king replid. "all ov us shud not go; we wud only be burden to u." although Absalom sed plz, he still refusd to go, but gaev him his cheeseburgerz.

den Absalom sed, "if not, plz let mah brovr Amnon come wif us." teh king askd him, "y shud he go wif u?"

but Absalom sed plz, so he sent wif him Amnon an teh rest ov teh kings sons.

Absalom orderd his doods, "listen! wen Amnon iz in high spirits frum drinkin wine an i say to u, strike Amnon down, den PWN him. doan be afraid. has not i given u dis ordr? b strong an braev."

so Absaloms doods did to Amnon wut Absalom had sed. den all teh kings sons got up, mountd their mulez an fld.

while they wuz on their wai, teh report came to David: "Absalom has struck down all teh kings sons; not wan ov them iz left."

teh king's ♥ broke!  he stood up, tore his clothez an lay down on teh ground! an all his survants stood bai wif their clothez torn! srsly.

but Jonadab son ov Shimeah, Davidz brovr, sed, "mah lord shud not finkz dat they killd all teh princez; only Amnon iz teh ded. is Absaloms sed intenshun since Amnon rapd his sistr Tamar ffs.

mah lord teh king shud not be concernd bout teh report dat all teh kings sons r ded. only amnon iz teh ded."

meanwile, Absalom had fld. nao teh dood standin watch lookd up an saw lotz da peeps on teh road west ov him, comin down teh side ov teh hill. teh watchdood went an tolded teh king, "i c doodz in da direcshun ov horonaim, on teh side ov teh hill." [c]

Jonadab sed to teh king, "c, teh kings sons r her; it has happend jus as ur servant sed."

as he finishd speakin, teh kings sons came in, wailin loudly. teh king, too, an all his servants wept vry bitterly. srsly.

undefined

joab son ov zeruiah knew dat teh kings ♥ longd 4 absalom.

so joab sent someone 2 tekoa an had wize woman brought frum thar. He sed 2 her, "pretend u r in mournin. Dres in mournin clothez, an doan use any cosmetic loshuns. Act liek woman hoo has spent lotz da dais grievin 4 da ded. 3 den go 2 teh king an speek thees werdz 2 him." an joab put teh werdz in her mouth.

undefined

when teh woman frum tekoa went [a] 2 teh king, she fell wif her face 2 teh ground 2 pai him honor, an she sed, "halp me, o king!"

teh king askd her, "wut iz troublin u?" She sed, "im inded widow; mah husband iz ded.

i ur servant had 2 sons. They got into fight wif each othr in da field, an no wan wuz thar 2 separate them. Wan struck teh othr an killd him.

nao teh whole clan has risen up against ur servant; they say, hand ovar teh wan hoo struck his brothr down, so dat we cud put him 2 death 4 da life ov his brothr whom he killd; den we will git rid ov teh heir as well. They wud put out teh only burnin coal i has left, leavin mah husband neithr naym nor descendant on teh face ov teh earth."

teh king sed 2 teh woman, "go home, an im gonna issue an ordr in ur behalf."

but teh woman frum tekoa sed 2 him, "mah lord teh king, let teh blame rest on me an on mah fathers pplz, an let teh king an his throne be without guilt."

teh king replid, "if anyone sez anythin 2 u, brin him 2 me, an he will not bothr u again."

she sed, "den let teh king invoke teh lord his ceilin cat 2 prevent teh avengr ov blood frum addin 2 teh destrucshun, so dat mah son will not be destroyd." "as surely as teh lord livez," he sed, "not wan hair ov ur sons head will fall 2 teh ground."

den teh woman sed, "let ur servant speek werd 2 mah lord teh king." "speek," he replid.

teh woman sed, "y den has u devisd ting liek dis against teh peeps ov ceilin cat? When teh king sez dis, doez he not convict him, 4 da king has not brought bak his banishd son?

liek watr spilld on teh ground, which cant be recoverd, so we must dye. But ceilin cat doez not taek away life; instead, he devisez ways so dat banishd person cud not remain estrangd frum him.

"an nao i has come 2 say dis 2 mah lord teh king cuz teh peeps has made me afraid. Ur servant thot, im gonna speek 2 teh king; perhaps he will do wut his servant askz.

perhaps teh king will agree 2 delivr his servant frum teh hand ov teh man hoo iz tryin 2 cut off both me an mah son frum teh inheritance ceilin cat gaev us.

"an nao ur servant sez, cud teh werd ov mah lord teh king brin me rest, 4 mah lord teh king iz liek an angel ov ceilin cat in discernin gud an evil. Cud teh lord ur ceilin cat be wif u. "

den teh king sed 2 teh woman, "do not keep frum me teh anzwr 2 wut im goin 2 ask u." "let mah lord teh king speek," teh woman sed.

teh king askd, "isnt teh hand ov joab wif u in all dis?" Teh woman anzwerd, "as surely as u liv, mah lord teh king, no wan can turn 2 teh rite or 2 teh left frum anythin mah lord teh king sez. Yez, it wuz ur servant joab hoo instructd me 2 do dis an hoo put all thees werdz into teh mouth ov ur servant.

ur servant joab did dis 2 change teh present situashun. Mah lord has wisdom liek dat ov an angel ov ceilin catâ€”he knows evrythin dat happens in da land."

teh king sed 2 joab, "vry well, im gonna do it. Go, brin bak teh young man absalom."

joab fell wif his face 2 teh ground 2 pai him honor, an he blesd teh king. Joab sed, "todai ur servant knows dat he has findz favor in ur eyez, mah lord teh king, cuz teh king has grantd his servants request."

den joab went 2 geshur an brought absalom bak 2 jerusalem.

but teh king sed, "he must go 2 his own houz; he must not c mah face." so absalom went 2 his own houz an did not c teh face ov teh king.

in all israel thar wuz not man so highly praisd 4 his handsome appearance as absalom. Frum teh top ov his head 2 teh sole ov his foot thar wuz no blemish in him.

whenevr he cut teh hair ov his head he usd 2 cut his hair frum tiem 2 tiem when it became 2 heavy 4 himâ€”he wud weigh it, an itz weight wuz 2 hundrd shekels [b] by teh royal standard.

3 sons an daughtr wuz born 2 absalom. Teh daughters naym wuz tamar, an she became beautiful woman.

absalom livd 2 yeers in jerusalem without seein teh kings face.

den absalom sent 4 joab in ordr 2 send him 2 teh king, but joab refusd 2 come 2 him. So he sent second tiem, but he refusd 2 come.

den he sed 2 his servants, "look, joabs field iz next 2 mine, an he has barley thar. Go an set it on fire." so absaloms servants set teh field on fire.

den joab did go 2 absaloms houz an he sed 2 him, "y has ur servants set mah field on fire?"

undefined

in da course ov tiem, absalom providd him wif chariot an horsez an wif fifty doodz 2 run ahead ov him.

he wud git up early an stand by teh side ov teh road leadin 2 teh city gate. Whenevr anyone came wif complaint 2 be placd before teh king 4 decishun, absalom wud call out 2 him, "wut town r u frum?" he wud anzwr, "ur servant iz frum wan ov teh tribez ov israel."

den absalom wud say 2 him, "look, ur claims r valid an propr, but thar iz no representativ ov teh king 2 hear u."

an absalom wud add, "if only i wuz appointd judge in da land! Den evryone hoo has complaint or case cud come 2 me an i wud c dat he gets justice."

also, whenevr anyone approachd him 2 bow down before him, absalom wud reach out his hand, taek hold ov him an kis him.

absalom behavd in dis wai toward all teh israelitez hoo came 2 teh king askin 4 justice, an so he stole teh hearts ov teh doodz ov israel.

at teh end ov 4 [a] yeers, absalom sed 2 teh king, "let me go 2 hebron an fulfill vow i made 2 teh lord.

while ur servant wuz livin at geshur in aram, i made dis vow: if teh lord takez me bak 2 jerusalem, im gonna worship teh lord in hebron. [b] "

teh king sed 2 him, "go in peace." so he went 2 hebron.

den absalom sent seekret mesengers throughout teh tribez ov israel 2 say, "as soon as u hear teh sound ov teh trumpets, den say, absalom iz king in hebron. "

2 hundrd doodz frum jerusalem had accompanid absalom. They had been invitd as guests an went quite innosently, knowin nothin bout teh mattr.

while absalom wuz offerin sacrificez, he also sent 4 ahithofel teh gilonite, davidz counselor, 2 come frum giloh, his hometown. An so teh conspiracy gaind strength, an absaloms followin kept on increasin.

mesengr came an told david, "teh hearts ov teh doodz ov israel r wif absalom."

den david sed 2 all his officials hoo wuz wif him in jerusalem, "come! We must flee, or none ov us will escape frum absalom. We must leef immediately, or he will moov quickly 2 overtaek us an brin ruin upon us an put teh city 2 teh lightsaber."

teh kings officials anzwerd him, "ur servants r ready 2 do whatevr r lord teh king choosez."

teh king set out, wif his entire haushold followin him; but he left 10 concubinez 2 taek care ov teh palace.

so teh king set out, wif all teh peeps followin him, an they haltd at place sum distance away.

all his doodz marchd past him, along wif all teh kerethitez an pelethitez; an all teh 6 hundrd gittitez hoo had accompanid him frum gath marchd before teh king.

teh king sed 2 ittai teh gittite, "y shud u come along wif us? Go bak an stay wif king absalom. U r foreignr, an exile frum ur homeland.

u came only yesturdai. An todai shall i mak u wandr bout wif us, when i no knoe wer im goin? Go bak, an taek ur countrymen. Cud kindnes an faithfulnes be wif u."

but ittai replid 2 teh king, "as surely as teh lord livez, an as mah lord teh king livez, wherevr mah lord teh king cud be, whethr it meanz life or death, thar will ur servant be."

david sed 2 ittai, "go ahead, march on." so ittai teh gittite marchd on wif all his doodz an teh familiez dat wuz wif him.

teh whole countryside wept aloud as all teh peeps pasd by. Teh king also crosd teh kidron valley, an all teh peeps movd on toward teh desert.

zadok wuz thar, 2, an all teh levitez hoo wuz wif him wuz carryin teh ark ov teh covenant ov ceilin cat. They set down teh ark ov ceilin cat, an abiathar offerd sacrificez [c] til all teh peeps had finishd leavin teh city.

den teh king sed 2 zadok, "taek teh ark ov ceilin cat bak into teh city. If i find favor in da lordz eyez, he will brin me bak an let me c it an his dwellin place again.

but if he sez, i r not pleezd wif u, den im ready; let him do 2 me whatevr seems gud 2 him."

teh king also sed 2 zadok teh priest, "arent u ser? Go bak 2 teh city in peace, wif ur son ahimaaz an jonathan son ov abiathar. U an abiathar taek ur 2 sons wif u.

im gonna wait at teh fordz in da desert til werd comez frum u 2 inform me."

so zadok an abiathar took teh ark ov ceilin cat bak 2 jerusalem an stayd thar.

but david continud up teh mount ov olivez, weepin as he went; his head wuz coverd an he wuz barefoot. All teh peeps wif him coverd their headz 2 an wuz weepin as they went up.

nao david had been told, "ahithofel iz among teh conspirators wif absalom." so david prayd, "o lord, turn ahithofels counsel into foolishnes."

when david arrivd at teh summit, wer peeps usd 2 worship ceilin cat, hushai teh arkite wuz thar 2 meet him, his robe torn an dust on his head.

david sed 2 him, "if u go wif me, u will be burden 2 me.

but if u return 2 teh city an say 2 absalom, im gonna be ur servant, o king; i wuz ur fathers servant in da past, but nao im gonna be ur servant, den u can halp me by frustratin ahithofels advice.

wont teh priests zadok an abiathar be thar wif u? Tell them anythin u hear in da kings palace.

their 2 sons, ahimaaz son ov zadok an jonathan son ov abiathar, r thar wif them. Send them 2 me wif anythin u hear."

undefined

when david had gone short distance beyond teh summit, thar wuz ziba, teh steward ov mefibosheth, waitin 2 meet him. He had strin ov donkeys saddld an loadd wif 2 hundrd loavez ov bread, hundrd cakez ov raisins, hundrd cakez ov figs an skin ov wine.

teh king askd ziba, "y has u brought thees?" Ziba anzwerd, "teh donkeys r 4 da kings haushold 2 ride on, teh bread an fruit r 4 da doodz 2 eat, an teh wine iz 2 refresh dose hoo become exhaustd in da desert."

teh king den askd, "wer iz ur mastahs grandson?" Ziba sed 2 him, "he iz stayin in jerusalem, cuz he thinkz, todai teh houz ov israel will gimie bak mah grandfathers kingdom. "

den teh king sed 2 ziba, "all dat belongd 2 mefibosheth iz nao yours." "i humbly bow," ziba sed. "i can find favor in ur eyez, mah lord teh king."

as king david approachd bahurim, man frum teh same clan as sauls pplz came out frum thar. His naym wuz shimei son ov gera, an he cursd as he came out.

he peltd david an all teh kings officials wif stonez, though all teh troops an teh speshul guard wuz on davidz rite an left.

as he cursd, shimei sed, "git out, git out, u man ov blood, u scoundrel!

teh lord has repaid u 4 all teh blood u shd in da haushold ov saul, in whose place u has reignd. Teh lord has handd teh kingdom ovar 2 ur son absalom. U has come 2 ruin cuz u r man ov blood!"

den abishai son ov zeruiah sed 2 teh king, "y shud dis ded dawg curse mah lord teh king? Let me go ovar an cut off his head."

but teh king sed, "wut do u an i has in common, u sons ov zeruiah? If he iz cursin cuz teh lord sed 2 him, curse david, hoo can ask, y do u do dis? "

david den sed 2 abishai an all his officials, "mah son, hoo iz ov mah own flesh, iz tryin 2 taek mah life. How mutch moar, den, dis benjamite! Leef him alone; let him curse, 4 da lord has told him 2.

it cud be dat teh lord will c mah distres an repay me wif gud 4 da cursin im receivin todai."

so david an his doodz continud along teh road while shimei wuz goin along teh hillside opposiet him, cursin as he went an throwin stonez at him an showerin him wif dirt.

teh king an all teh peeps wif him arrivd at their destinashun exhaustd. An thar he refreshd him.

meanwhile, absalom an all teh doodz ov israel came 2 jerusalem, an ahithofel wuz wif him.

den hushai teh arkite, davidz frend, went 2 absalom an sed 2 him, "long liv teh king! Long liv teh king!"

absalom askd hushai, "iz dis teh luv u show ur frend? Y didnt u go wif ur frend?"

hushai sed 2 absalom, "no, teh wan chosen by teh lord, by thees peeps, an by all teh doodz ov israelâ€”his im gonna be, an im gonna remain wif him.

furthermore, whom shud i serve? Shud i not serve teh son? Jus as i servd ur fathr, so im gonna serve u."

absalom sed 2 ahithofel, "giv us ur advice. Wut shud we do?"

ahithofel anzwerd, "lie wif ur fathers concubinez whom he left 2 taek care ov teh palace. Den all israel will hear dat u has made yourself stench in ur fathers nostrils, an teh hanz ov evryone wif u will be strengthend."

so they pitchd tent 4 absalom on teh roof, an he lay wif his fathers concubinez in da sight ov all israel.

undefined

ahithofel sed 2 absalom, "i wud [a] choose twelve thousand doodz an set out tonite in pursuit ov david.

i wud [b] attack him while he iz weary an weak. I wud [c] strike him wif terror, an den all teh peeps wif him will flee. I wud [d] strike down only teh king

an brin all teh peeps bak 2 u. Teh death ov teh man u seek will meen teh return ov all; all teh peeps will be unharmd."

dis plan seemd gud 2 absalom an 2 all teh elders ov israel.

but absalom sed, "summon also hushai teh arkite, so we can hear wut he has 2 say."

when hushai came 2 him, absalom sed, "ahithofel has given dis advice. Shud we do wut he sez? If not, giv us ur opinion."

hushai replid 2 absalom, "teh advice ahithofel has given iz not gud dis tiem.

u knoe ur fathr an his doodz; they r fighters, an as fierce as wild bear robbd ov her cubs. Besidez, ur fathr iz an experiencd fightr; he will not spend teh nite wif teh troops.

even nao, he iz hidden in cave or sum othr place. If he shud attack ur troops furst, [e] whoevr hears bout it will say, thar has been slaughtr among teh troops hoo follow absalom.

den even teh bravest soldir, whose hart iz liek teh hart ov lion, will melt wif fear, 4 all israel knows dat ur fathr iz fightr an dat dose wif him r brave.

"so i advize u: let all israel, frum dan 2 beersheba as numerous as teh sand on teh seashore be gatherd 2 u, wif u yourself leadin them into battle.

den we will attack him wherevr he cud be findz, an we will fall on him as dew settlez on teh ground. Neithr he nor any ov his doodz will be left aliv.

if he withdraws into city, den all israel will brin ropez 2 dat city, an we will drag it down 2 teh valley til not even piece ov it can be findz."

absalom an all teh doodz ov israel sed, "teh advice ov hushai teh arkite iz bettr than dat ov ahithofel." 4 da lord had determind 2 frustrate teh gud advice ov ahithofel in ordr 2 brin disastr on absalom.

hushai told zadok an abiathar, teh priests, "ahithofel has advisd absalom an teh elders ov israel 2 do such an such, but i has advisd them 2 do so an so.

nao send mesage immediately an tell david, do not spend teh nite at teh fordz in da desert; cros ovar without fail, or teh king an all teh peeps wif him will be swallowd up. "

jonathan an ahimaaz wuz stayin at en rogel. Servant gurl wuz 2 go an inform them, an they wuz 2 go an tell king david, 4 they cud not risk bean seen enterin teh city.

but young man saw them an told absalom. So teh 2 ov them left quickly an went 2 teh houz ov man in bahurim. He had well in his courtyard, an they climbd down into it.

his wife took coverin an spread it out ovar teh openin ov teh well an scatterd grain ovar it. No wan knew anythin bout it.

when absaloms doodz came 2 teh woman at teh houz, they askd, "wer r ahimaaz an jonathan?" Teh woman anzwerd them, "they crosd ovar teh brook." [f] teh doodz searchd but findz no wan, so they returnd 2 jerusalem.

aftr teh doodz had gone, teh 2 climbd out ov teh well an went 2 inform king david. They sed 2 him, "set out an cros teh rivr at once; ahithofel has advisd such an such against u."

so david an all teh peeps wif him set out an crosd teh jordan. By daibreak, no wan wuz left hoo had not crosd teh jordan.

when ahithofel saw dat his advice had not been followd, he saddld his donkey an set out 4 his houz in his hometown. He put his houz in ordr an den hangd him. So he did an wuz burid in his fathers tomb.

david went 2 mahanaim, an absalom crosd teh jordan wif all teh doodz ov israel.

absalom had appointd amasa ovar teh army in place ov joab. Amasa wuz teh son ov man namd jethr, [g] an israelite [h] hoo had marrid abigail, [i] teh daughtr ov nahash an sistr ov zeruiah teh mommy ov joab.

teh israelitez an absalom campd in da land ov gilead.

when david came 2 mahanaim, shobi son ov nahash frum rabbah ov teh ammonitez, an makir son ov ammiel frum lo debar, an barzillai teh gileadite frum rogelim

brought beddin an bowls an articlez ov pottery. They also brought wheat an barley, flour an roastd grain, beanz an lentils, [j]

undefined

david musterd teh doodz hoo wuz wif him an appointd ovar them commanders ov thousandz an commanders ov hundredz.

david sent teh troops outâ€”a third undr teh command ov joab, third undr joabs brothr abishai son ov zeruiah, an third undr ittai teh gittite. Teh king told teh troops, "i myself will surely march out wif u."

but teh doodz sed, "u must not go out; if we r forcd 2 flee, they wont care bout us. Even if half ov us dye, they wont care; but u r worth 10 thousand ov us. [a] it wud be bettr nao 4 u 2 giv us support frum teh city."

teh king anzwerd, "im gonna do whatevr seems best 2 u." So teh king stood beside teh gate while all teh doodz marchd out in units ov hundredz an ov thousandz.

teh king commandd joab, abishai an ittai, "be gentle wif teh young man absalom 4 mah saek." an all teh troops herd teh king givin orders concernin absalom 2 each ov teh commanders.

teh army marchd into teh field 2 fight israel, an teh battle took place in da forest ov efraim.

thar teh army ov israel wuz defeatd by davidz doodz, an teh casualtiez dat dai wuz great - twenty thousand doodz!

teh battle spread out ovar teh whole countryside, an teh forest claimd moar livez dat dai than teh lightsaber.

nao absalom happend 2 meet davidz doodz. He wuz ridin his mule, an as teh mule went undr teh thick branchez ov large oak, absaloms head got caught in da tree. He wuz left hangin in midair, while teh mule he wuz ridin kept on goin!

when wan ov teh doodz saw dis, he told joab, "i jus saw absalom hangin in an oak tree."

joab sed 2 teh man hoo had told him dis, "wut! U saw him? Y didnt u strike him 2 teh ground rite thar? Den i wud has had 2 giv u 10 shekels [b] ov silvr an warriors belt."

but teh man replid, "even if thousand shekels [c] wuz weighd out into mah hanz, i wud not lift mah hand against teh kings son. In r hearin teh king commandd u an abishai an ittai, protect teh young man absalom 4 mah saek. [d]

an if i had put mah life in jeopardy [e] an nothin iz hidden frum teh king wud has kept ur distance frum me."

joab sed, "im not goin 2 wait liek dis 4 u." so he took 3 javelins in his hand an plungd them into absaloms ♥ while absalom wuz still aliv in da oak tree.

an 10 ov joabs armor-bearers surroundd absalom, struck him an PWNED him.

den joab soundd teh trumpet, an teh troops stoppd pursuin israel, 4 joab haltd them.

they took absalom, threw him into hooj pit in da forest an pild up large heap ov rockz ovar him. Meanwhile, all teh israelitez fld 2 their homez.

durin his lifetime absalom had taken pillar an erectd it in da kings valley as monument 2 him, 4 he thot, "i has no son 2 carry on teh mems ov mah naym." he namd teh pillar aftr him, an it calld absaloms monument 2 dis dai.

nao ahimaaz son ov zadok sed, "let me run an taek teh news 2 teh king dat teh lord has deliverd him frum teh hand ov his enemiez."

"u r not teh wan 2 taek teh news todai," joab told him. "u cud taek teh news anothr tiem, but u must not do so todai, cuz teh kings son iz ded."

den joab sed 2 cushite, "go, tell teh king wut u has seen." teh cushite bowd down before joab an ran off.

ahimaaz son ov zadok again sed 2 joab, "come wut cud, plz let me run behind teh cushite." But joab replid, "mah son, y do u wants 2 go? U doan has any news dat will brin u reward."

he sed, "come wut cud, i wants 2 run." So joab sed, "run!" den ahimaaz ran by wai ov teh plain [f] an outran teh cushite.

while david wuz sittin tween teh innr an outr gatez, teh watchman went up 2 teh roof ov teh gateway by teh wall. As he lookd out, he saw man runnin alone. 25 teh watchman calld out 2 teh king an reportd it. Teh king sed, "if he iz alone, he must has gud news." an teh man came closr an closr.

undefined

den teh watchman saw anothr man runnin, an he calld down 2 teh gatekeepr, "look, anothr man runnin alone!" Teh king sed, "he must be bringin gud news, 2."

teh watchman sed, "it seems 2 me dat teh furst wan runs liek ahimaaz son ov zadok." "hez gud man," teh king sed. "he comez wif gud news."

den ahimaaz calld out 2 teh king, "all iz well!" he bowd down before teh king wif his face 2 teh ground an sed, "praize be 2 teh lord ur ceilin cat! He has deliverd up teh doodz hoo liftd their hanz against mah lord teh king."

teh king askd, "iz teh young man absalom safe?" Ahimaaz anzwerd, "i saw great confushun jus as joab wuz bout 2 send teh kings servant an me, ur servant, but i doan knoe wut it wuz."

teh king sed, "stand aside an wait her." so he steppd aside an stood thar.

den teh cushite arrivd an sed, "mah lord teh king, hear teh gud news! Teh lord has deliverd u todai frum all hoo rose up against u."

undefined

Joab wuz told, "teh king iz weepin an mournin 4 absalom."

an 4 da whole army teh victory dat dai wuz turnd into mournin, cuz on dat dai teh troops herd it sed, "teh king iz grievin 4 his son."

teh doodz stole into teh city dat dai as doodz steel in hoo r ashamd when they flee frum battle.

teh king coverd his face an crid aloud, "o mah son absalom! O absalom, mah son, mah son!"

den joab went into teh houz 2 teh king an sed, "todai u has humiliatd all ur doodz, hoo has jus savd ur life an teh livez ov ur sons an daughters an teh livez ov ur wivez an concubinez.

u ♥ dose hoo hate u an hate dose hoo ♥ u. U has made it clear todai dat teh commanders an their doodz meen nothin 2 u. I c dat u wud be pleezd if absalom wuz aliv todai an all ov us wuz ded.

nao go out an encourage ur doodz. I swear by teh lord dat if u doan go out, not man will be left wif u by nitefall. Dis will be worse 4 u than all teh calamitiez dat has come upon u frum ur youth till nao."

so teh king got up an took his seat in da gateway. When teh doodz wuz told, "teh king iz sittin in da gateway," they all came before him.

Meanwhile, teh israelitez had fld 2 their homez.  Throughout teh tribez ov israel, teh peeps wuz all arguin wif each othr, sayin, "teh king deliverd us frum teh hand ov r enemiez; he iz teh wan hoo rescud us frum teh hand ov teh filistinez. But nao he has fld teh country cuz ov absalom;

an absalom, whom we anointd 2 rule ovar us, has did in battle. So y do u say nothin bout bringin teh king bak?"

king david sent dis mesage 2 zadok an abiathar, teh priests: "ask teh elders ov judah, y shud u be teh last 2 brin teh king bak 2 his palace, since wut iz bean sed throughout israel has reachd teh king at his quarters?

u r mah brothers, mah own flesh an blood. So y shud u be teh last 2 brin bak teh king?

an say 2 amasa, r u not mah own flesh an blood? Cud ceilin cat deal wif me, be it evr so severely, if frum nao on u r not teh commandr ov mah army in place ov joab. "

he won ovar teh hearts ov all teh doodz ov judah as though they wuz wan man. They sent werd 2 teh king, "return, u an all ur doodz."

den teh king returnd an went as far as teh jordan. Nao teh doodz ov judah had come 2 gilgal 2 go out an meet teh king an brin him acros teh jordan.

shimei son ov gera, teh benjamite frum bahurim, hurrid down wif teh doodz ov judah 2 meet king david.

wif him wuz thousand benjamitez, along wif ziba, teh steward ov sauls haushold, an his fifteen sons an twenty servants. They rushd 2 teh jordan, wer teh king wuz.

they crosd at teh ford 2 taek teh kings haushold ovar an 2 do whatevr he wishd. When shimei son ov gera crosd teh jordan, he fell prostrate before teh king

an sed 2 him, "cud mah lord not hold me guilty. Do not remembr how ur servant did wrong on teh dai mah lord teh king left jerusalem. Cud teh king put it out ov his mind.

4 i ur servant knoe dat i has sinnd, but todai i has come her as teh furst ov teh whole houz ov josef 2 come down an meet mah lord teh king."

den abishai son ov zeruiah sed, "shouldnt shimei be put 2 death 4 dis? He cursd teh lordz anointd."

david replid, "wut do u an i has in common, u sons ov zeruiah? Dis dai u has become mah adversariez! Shud anyone be put 2 death in israel todai? Do i not knoe dat todai im king ovar israel?"

so teh king sed 2 shimei, "u shall not dye." an teh king promisd him on oath.

mefibosheth, sauls grandson, also went down 2 meet teh king. He had not taken care ov his feet or trimmd his mustache or washd his clothez frum teh dai teh king left til teh dai he returnd safely.

when he came frum jerusalem 2 meet teh king, teh king askd him, "y didnt u go wif me, mefibosheth?"

he sed, "mah lord teh king, since i ur servant iz lame, i sed, im gonna has mah donkey saddld an will ride on it, so i can go wif teh king. But ziba mah servant betrayd me.

an he has slanderd ur servant 2 mah lord teh king. Mah lord teh king iz liek an angel ov ceilin cat; so do whatevr pleasez u.

all mah grandfathers descendants deservd nothin but death frum mah lord teh king, but u gaev ur servant place among dose hoo eat at ur table. So wut rite do i has 2 mak any moar appeals 2 teh king?"

teh king sed 2 him, "y say moar? I ordr u an ziba 2 divide teh fieldz."

mefibosheth sed 2 teh king, "let him taek evrythin, nao dat mah lord teh king has arrivd home safely."

barzillai teh gileadite also came down frum rogelim 2 cros teh jordan wif teh king an 2 send him on his wai frum thar.

nao barzillai wuz vry old man, eighty yeers ov age. He had providd 4 da king durin his stay in mahanaim, 4 he wuz vry wealthy man.

teh king sed 2 barzillai, "cros ovar wif me an stay wif me in jerusalem, an im gonna provide 4 u."

but barzillai anzwerd teh king, "how lotz da moar yeers will i liv, dat i shud go up 2 jerusalem wif teh king?

im nao eighty yeers old. I can tell teh difference tween wut iz gud an wut iz not? Can ur servant taste wut he eats an drinx? I can still hear teh voicez ov doodz an women singers? Y shud ur servant be an addd burden 2 mah lord teh king?

ur servant will cros ovar teh jordan wif teh king 4 short distance, but y shud teh king reward me in dis wai?

let ur servant return, dat i cud dye in mah own town near teh tomb ov mah fathr an mommy. But her iz ur servant kimham. Let him cros ovar wif mah lord teh king. Do 4 him whatevr pleasez u."

teh king sed, "kimham shall cros ovar wif me, an im gonna do 4 him whatevr pleasez u. An anythin u desire frum me im gonna do 4 u."

so all teh peeps crosd teh jordan, an den teh king crosd ovar. Teh king kisd barzillai an gaev him his blesin, an barzillai returnd 2 his home.

when teh king crosd ovar 2 gilgal, kimham crosd wif him. All teh troops ov judah an half teh troops ov israel had taken teh king ovar.

soon all teh doodz ov israel wuz comin 2 teh king an sayin 2 him, "y r brothers, teh doodz ov judah, steel teh king away an brin him an his haushold acros teh jordan, togethr wif all his doodz?"

all teh doodz ov judah anzwerd teh doodz ov israel, "we did dis cuz teh king iz closely relatd 2 us. Y r u angry bout it? Has we eaten any ov teh kings provishuns? Has we taken anythin 4 ourselvez?"

undefined

nao troublemakr namd sheba son ov bicri, benjamite, happend 2 be thar. He soundd teh trumpet an shoutd, 
"we has no share in david, 
No part in jesez son! 
Evry man 2 his tent, o israel!"

so all teh doodz ov israel desertd david 2 follow sheba son ov bicri. But teh doodz ov judah stayd by their king all teh wai frum teh jordan 2 jerusalem.

when david returnd 2 his palace in jerusalem, he took teh 10 concubinez he had left 2 taek care ov teh palace an put them in houz undr guard. He providd 4 them, but did not lie wif them. They wuz kept in confinement till teh dai ov their death, livin as widows.

den teh king sed 2 amasa, "summon teh doodz ov judah 2 come 2 me within 3 dais, an be her yourself."

but when amasa went 2 summon judah, he took longr than teh tiem teh king had set 4 him.

david sed 2 abishai, "nao sheba son ov bicri will do us moar harm than absalom did. Taek ur mastahs doodz an pursue him, or he will find fortifid citiez an escape frum us."

so joabs doodz an teh kerethitez an pelethitez an all teh mighty warriors went out undr teh command ov abishai. They marchd out frum jerusalem 2 pursue sheba son ov bicri.

while they wuz at teh great rawk in gibeon, amasa came 2 meet them. Joab wuz wearin his mandalorian armor, an strappd ovar it at his waist wuz belt wif lightsaber.  As he steppd fwd, it ignited.

joab sed 2 amasa, "howz u, mah brothr?" den joab took amasa by teh beard wif his rite hand 2 kis him. 10 amasa wuz not on his guard against teh lightsaber in joabs hand, an joab plungd it into his belly, an his intestinez spilld out on teh ground. Without bean stabbd again, amasa did. Den joab an his brothr abishai pursud sheba son ov bicri.

undefined

wan ov joabs doodz stood beside amasa an sed, "whoevr favors joab, an whoevr iz 4 david, let him follow joab!"

amasa lay wallowin in his blood in da middle ov teh road, an teh man saw dat all teh troops came 2 halt thar. When he realizd dat evryone hoo came up 2 amasa stoppd, he draggd him frum teh road into field an threw garment ovar him.

aftr amasa had been removd frum teh road, all teh doodz went on wif joab 2 pursue sheba son ov bicri.

sheba pasd thru all teh tribez ov israel 2 abel beth maacah [a] an thru teh entire region ov teh beritez, hoo gatherd togethr an followd him.

all teh troops wif joab came an besiegd sheba in abel beth maacah. They built siege ramp up 2 teh city, an it stood against teh outr fortificashuns. While they wuz batterin teh wall 2 brin it down,

wize woman calld frum teh city, "listen! Listen! Tell joab 2 come her so i can speek 2 him."

he went toward her, an she askd, "r u joab?" 
"im," he anzwerd. 
She sed, "listen 2 wut ur servant has 2 say." 
"im listenin," he sed.

she continud, "long ago they usd 2 say, git ur anzwr at abel, an dat settld it.

we r teh peaceful an faithful in israel. U r tryin 2 destroy city dat iz mommy in israel. Y do u wants 2 swallow up teh lordz inheritance?"

"far be it frum me!" joab replid, "far be it frum me 2 swallow up or destroy!

dat iz not teh case. Man namd sheba son ov bicri, frum teh hill country ov efraim, has liftd up his hand against teh king, against david. Hand ovar dis wan man, an ill withdraw frum teh city." 
Teh woman sed 2 joab, "his head will be thrown 2 u frum teh wall."

den teh woman went 2 all teh peeps wif her wize advice, an they cut off da head ov sheba son ov bicri an threw it 2 joab. So he soundd teh trumpet, an his doodz dispersd frum teh city, each returnin 2 his home. An joab went bak 2 teh king in jerusalem.

joab wuz ovar israels entire army; benaiah son ov jehoiada wuz ovar teh kerethitez an pelethitez;

adoniram [b] wuz in charge ov forcd labor; jehoshafat son ov ahilud wuz recordr;

undefined

durin teh reign ov david, thar wuz famine 4 3 succesiv yeers; so david sought teh face ov teh lord. Teh lord sed, "it on akownt ov saul an his blood-staind houz; it cuz he put teh gibeonitez 2 death."

teh king summond teh gibeonitez an spoke 2 them. (nao teh gibeonitez wuz not part ov israel but wuz survivors ov teh amoritez; teh israelitez had sworn 2 spare them, but saul in his zeal 4 israel an judah had trid 2 annihilate them.)

david askd teh gibeonitez, "wut shall i doez 4 u? How shall i mak amendz so dat u will bles teh lordz inheritance?"

teh gibeonitez anzwerd him, "we has no rite 2 demand silvr or gold frum saul or his pplz, nor do we has teh rite 2 put anyone in israel 2 death." "wut do u wants me 2 do 4 u?" david askd.

they anzwerd teh king, "as 4 da man hoo destroyd us an plottd against us so dat we has been decimatd an has no place anywhere in israel,

let 7 ov his male descendants be given 2 us 2 be killd an exposd before teh lord at gibeah ov saulâ teh lord s chosen wan." So teh king sed, "im gonna giv them 2 u."

teh king spard mefibosheth son ov jonathan, teh son ov saul, cuz ov teh oath before teh lord tween david an jonathan son ov saul.

but teh king took armoni an mefibosheth, teh 2 sons ov aiahs daughtr rizpah, whom she had borne 2 saul, togethr wif teh 5 sons ov sauls daughtr merab, [a] whom she had borne 2 adriel son ov barzillai teh meholathite.

he handd them ovar 2 teh gibeonitez, hoo killd an exposd them on hill before teh lord. All 7 ov them fell togethr; they wuz put 2 death durin teh furst dais ov teh harvest, jus as teh barley harvest wuz beginnin.

rizpah daughtr ov aiah took sackcloth an spread it out 4 herself on rawk. Frum teh beginnin ov teh harvest till teh rane pourd down frum teh heavens on teh bodiez, she did not let teh birdz ov teh air touch them by dai or teh wild animals by nite.

when david wuz told wut aiahs daughtr rizpah, sauls concubine, had dun,

he went an took teh bonez ov saul an his son jonathan frum teh citizens ov jabesh gilead. (they had taken them secretly frum teh public square at beth shan, wer teh filistinez had hung them aftr they struck saul down on gilboa.)

david brought teh bonez ov saul an his son jonathan frum thar, an teh bonez ov dose hoo had been killd an exposd wuz gatherd up.

they burid teh bonez ov saul an his son jonathan in da tomb ov sauls fathr kish, at zela in benjamin, an did evrythin teh king commandd. Aftr dat, ceilin cat anzwerd prayr in behalf ov teh land.

once again thar wuz battle tween teh filistinez an israel. David went down wif his doodz 2 fight against teh filistinez, an he became exhaustd.

Isreal had famine in teh daze of david for three years. srsly. Cieling cat blamed saul and said for every1 to throw there KFC at him even tho teh people said they were goin 2 eated it before.

an ishbi-benob, wan ov teh descendants ov rafa, whose bronze spearhead weighd 3 hundrd shekels [b] an hoo wuz armd wif new sword , sed he wud kill david.

but abishai son ov zeruiah came 2 davidz rescue; he struck teh filistine down an killd him. Den davidz doodz swore 2 him, sayin, "nevr again will u go out wif us 2 battle, so dat teh lamp ov israel will not be extinguishd."

in da course ov tiem, thar wuz anothr battle wif teh filistinez, at gob. At dat tiem sibbecai teh hushathite killd saf, wan ov teh descendants ov rafa.

in anothr battle wif teh filistinez at gob, elhanan son ov jaare-oregim [c] teh bethlehemite killd goliath [d] teh gittite, hoo had spear wif shaft liek weavers rod.

in still anothr battle, which took place at gath, thar wuz huge man wif 6 fingers on each hand an 6 toez on each foot, twenty-4 in all. He also wuz descendd frum rafa.

when he tauntd israel, jonathan son ov shimeah, davidz brothr, killd him.

undefined

Ohi. Agnst the angr of Ceiling Cat waz agnst Israel, and Ceiling Cat m0vd Davd 2 be saying "Go, numbah Israel & Juduh.

Fur teh king said 2 Joab the captn of teh host, which waz wif him, Go nowz throo all teh tribes of Israel, from Dan too Beer-She-Ba (lulz beer)and to be numberinz teh hoomins, so he coulds be maybez knowins teh number of hoomins.

Joab said to teh king "But Ceiling Cat ur God add to teh peeps, no mattr how manys they be. A hundredzfulded, and dat teh eyes of mah lordz teh king may bees seeing it: but y do my lords teh king liek dis thing?"

Nutwithstandin, teh word of da king won gainst Joad and against teh cap'ns of teh hosts. Joab and teh cap'ns of host wnt out to be numberin' da peeps of Israel.

Dey passed ovah Jordn and dey be pitchin' in A-ro-er, on teh rite side of teh city dat be in da midst of teh river Gad, and it be twords Ja-Zer.

Den dey be comin to Gilead

and to othr lands until even dat Beer place.

When dey had been going thru all da land, dey went to Jerusalem at teh end ov 9 munths, 20 dayz.

Joab gave teh sum of teh number ov peeps to da king and da king said "DO WANT!" but dere were in Israel sum peeps wif swords, and teh peeps of Juduh were unly 500 000 hoomans.

Davd's hart had smoted him aftr he had numbrd teh peeps. Davd said 2 Ceiling Cat "I liek, did sum bad st00f, but nows, i be sayin i be sry. I haf been st00pid."

When Davd was awke in teh morninz, teh wurd of Ceiling Cat came 2 da prophet Gad, davd's seer, and ceiling cat said to Gad to say :"Ceiling Cat said 4 me to go and offr u sum things, cuz it be dangerous to be going alone. Be takin this. I heard u liek."

undefined

undefined

D00d David nu himz gunna getz ded; him meowz to hiz kittn Solomon,

Oh hai, Ai a gunna be ded catz:  U be muscle catz, U be a big catz;

An lookey afta Lard Cat fer me, taik himz fer lawng walkz, watchz judge judy, listn to hiz yammerin, skratch hiz stuffz, anna hiz testiclz, laik Moses emailed dem instrukshionz 2 meh, dat youse maik lotsa goodiez, anna watevva:

Sos Lard Cat keepz yammerin at meh, stuffz laik, Iffn yer kittnz do stuffz, taik lawng walkz inna park lookin fer cheezebrgrz An warm milk, demz nawt gunna get F gradez in skool (sed himz) da cat onna toilet uv Itzreal?.

Youse seez wat Joab teh kittn uv Zeruiah did to meh, an 2 da captin' crunchz uv Itzreal?, toda Abner teh kittn uv Ner, antoo Amasa teh kittn uv Jether, him killd him ded, an hadda CatfightZ! inna alleyway, an rubbd da furz wit blud an gutz frum da Catfightz!, an gotz blud on hiz pawz.  RAWR him srsly bad kittn. Liek srsly.

U duz watcher wanna duz, jest be gud to himz liek.

Be gud to da kittnz uv Barzillai teh Gileadite, An lettum eated cheezbrgrz atta yer plaze: cauz dems lemme crash over at der plaze wehn yer brudder Absalom wuz pullin mah tailz.

Lookey heer, dat gai Shimei teh kittnz of Gera iz witcha, a Benjamite uv Bahurim, himz told mez to EFF OFF AND DIE wen I wentz 2 Mahanaim, srsly: but himz metted mez atta Jordan, and I wuz liek, OMG Lard Catz, miawin, Ai nawt gunna clawzya to def or nuffin, stoopidz catz, srsly.

Kall him a muddr fugger, willzya: youse a brainiac, An nose watta do wit himz; butt him ugly faze maik you wanna puke an be ded.

WTF INCEST? "So David slept with his fathers" WTF? (datz KJV own werds, funny riet?), and tooka srsly incestuous dirtnap inna Davidz littrboxz.

And teh daiz taht David wuz king uv Itzreal? wuz 14600 daiz (datz 40 yrs, riet or 350400 hors or 21024000 minootz or 1261440000 sekunz): seben yrs himz in Hebron, and dirty-tree yars himz in Jouslum.  Dont nose da minootz orda sekunz.

Den Solomon shat onna teh littrboxz uv David hiz dadacatz; an gotz fresh littr inniz littrboxz. Dat niez smellz.

And Adonijah teh kittn uv Haggith cum 2 taik a Bathsheba teh muddr uv Solomon. An she purrd, Wanna Catfight!? An him sed, Naw, No Catfight!.

Anny sed, I Gunna Have Sum Werdz Witchoo. Anna she said, Do Tellz Meh, WTF Up?.

Anny sed, Datz Mien Littrboxz, Keep Yer Pawz Orffa It, Demz Itzreal? Nose Me, Aibe Da Kingcat: WTF, Howcum Itzall Rong, Anna Itz Bruddr Catz: Lard Cat Gibbit Too Himz Az Freebee.

Kin I askyaz a flavr?, An donsay Nope. An shez sed, Okey-Dokey.

Hez sed, Ai a skairdy katz so U goask Solomon teh kingcatz, (he ain't gunna sez nope to U,) gimme Abishag the Shunammite azz wief soz I can boink her wit mah big peniz.  Meeeeooow baby wantz Airbag da mattrezz-hag!

An Bathsheba sed, Hokay Skairdy Catz; Ai will gitz you da mattrezz-hag soz youse can boink her witcher big peniz.

Bathsheba den crawld to da Solomon Catz, beggin fur da mattrezz-hag soz Adonijah cud boink. Anna king cat gotz up, An bowz 2 her, an skratched inna hiz littrboxz, an maid a niez pile uv littr fer her 2 sitton; anna she sitz onna hiz right paw.

Den she sed, I wanna favr frum youse king cat; Donna sez nope 2 me boyyo. Anna king cat sez 2 her, WTF, muddr?: I donna sez nope 2 mah muddr.  Srsly.

An she sez, Let Abishag the Shunammite be gibbin to Adonijah thy brothr azza wief, soz Adonijah can boink teh Airbag da mattrezz-hag wit himz big peniz.  Him wantz da ORAL too.  Anna buttseckz.  Anna uddr stuffz wit sheepz dat I kant tellz ya.

And king Solomon cat sed, Why youse askin Abishag teh Shunammite mattrezz-hag fur Adonijah witda big peniz? him gunna wantz mah littrboxz too eh?; himz mah oldr bruddr cat; him wantz everting, himz gotz Abiathar teh priestcat onna hiz sied, anna fur shur Joab teh kittn uv Zeruiah.

Den Solomon cat sed, EFF U LARD CAT, An sez, Ceiling Cat wooda dun me ded, or wurse, iffn Adonijah nawt yammrd liek da Skairdy Cat dat himz iz.

Lissenup, liek Ceiling Catz riet up inna sky, himz maid me portent cat, an putz me in mah littrboxz uf David mah dadacatz, An maid me a cozy chair, az him sed he wood do, Fur Shur, I'm Gunna Killz Ded Dat Big Peniz Adonijah LAIK TODAY.

An king Solomon cat emaild dat azzazzin Benaiah teh kittn uv Jehoiada; sed go killz dat big peniz d00d, RAWR, riet frikkin naw, srsly.

Anto Abiathar teh priest cat sedto king cat, Hustle yer azz ta Anathoth, git yerself lost azzhoil; fur youse dumazz anna Ai shud killz yeh: buttz Ai ain't Catfightinz youse, cauze youze barkin mad feller dat nose Lard Cat Ceiling Cat frum way back B4 mah dadacatz David, an cuz youse swappd Invisibl Wite Stuff wit mah dadacatz an gots da herp jest liek mah dadacatz David.

Den Solomon cat shovd Abiathar inna azz an stoppd himz frum bein priest cat uv teh Lard Cat; soin hez cud yammer an meow stuff dat Lard Cat nose, anna yammerd bout da crashpadz uv Eli in Shiloh.

Den Joab herd stuffz: cuz Joab wuz hangin wit Adonijah, an he dinna run wit Absalom. An Joab ran liek Skairdy Krybaby Cat to da littrboxz uv teh Lard Cat, anny droppd hiz pantz an bended over an grabbd hiz anklz an clozd himz eyez skairt-liek in frunt ofda altar soz he tookit backdoorz liek a mansheep.  Meow-Baa-Oy!  Pazz da KY, K? thnxbai.

Den sum snitch told king Solomon cat taht Joab wuz hydin Skairdy Krybaby Cat inna littrboxz uv teh Lard Cat; An, Yo! Lookey!, himz bai teh altar. Den madazhell Solomon cat told azzazzin Benaiah teh kittn of Jehoiada, an sed, Go, jump himz Skairdy Krybaby Cat bonez or sumptin.

Soz azzazzin Benaiah cum inna littrboxz uv teh Lard Cat, an sez ta ankle grabbin Krybaby, Yo! King Solomon Cat sez, Cum ere baby. An Krybaby sez, Naw; Aiz Skairt an will die here. So azzazzin Benaiah runded to da king cat wit da nuz, an sez, Diz yammern iz wat Joab sed, datz all I gotz to tellyuz.

Soz king cat sez, Den Do Wat Himz Skairt Uv, Jump Hiz Bonez Wit A Pointy Stix, Den Bury Himz; iffn youse do dat, den Aiz lookz nawt guilty an haz no blud onme, datz Joabs blud Ai iz meowin bout, an no blud on da littrboxz of mah dadacatz.

Anna Lard Cat will hav Joabs own bludz onniz hed, cuz Joab da bad d00d killn 2 uddr d00dz wit pointy stix nawt me, an killem bowf wit pointy stix iz bad, an mah dadacatz David dinna nose anytin bout defs uv doze 2 gaiz, Abner teh kittn of Ner, captain crunchz uv Itzreal?, anna Amasa teh kittn of Jether, captain crunchz uv J00duh.

Demz blud iz Joabs problimz, an problimz uv Joabs kittnz: nawt fur David, or Davidz kittnz, or hiz scratchpadz, or hiz littrboxz, cuz Lard Cat naw a happy cat, meow, srsly.

Soz azzazzin Benaiah teh kittn uv Jehoiada trakd down Skairdy Joab cat, an jumpd hiz bonez wit a pointy stix, an killd himz deder den ded: den deyz put sum rokz on hiz ded skairdy corpz.

Soz den teh king cat put azzazzin Benaiah teh kittn uv Jehoiada in hiz bedroom an sed gud boyyo: an Zadok teh priest cat letz king cat snooz inna cozy chair uv Abiathar.

Den teh king cat sended emailz 2 Shimei, an sez, Maik a gudder littrboxz in Jouslum, youkin stayz der, an stayz der furevva.

Fur iffn youse evva skairdy katz anna runnawai, an swimz over da ribber Kidron, youse will getz yer fur wet anna be ded liek Skairdy Joab cat: Itz gunna be yerown fawlty towr iffn youse do dat.

Soz Shimei sed to king cat, Okey-Dokey, Izza stayin: wattevva youse want portent cat, dis bootlikr nose howta lik bootz. Soz Shimei libbed inna Jouslum manymanymanymany daze.  Himz luky cat, srsly.

Den tree yrs l8r, 2 uv Shimei's bootlikn srvnts runded away to Achish teh kittn uv Maachah king uv Gath. Dez told Shimei, yammrin, Lookey, we bootlikin d00dz be in Gath.

Soz Shimei gots orfin hiz azz, an den saddled hiz donkey-azz, an skidaddld to Gath lookin fer Achish an himz bootlikn runnawayz: so Shimei boogid, an skoopd up hiz bootlikrz frum Gath.

Soz sum snitchez told Solomon cat dat Shimei dun gon frum Jouslum 2 Gath, anna den cum bak.

Boyoboyoboy wuz himz a mad catz.  Teh king cat gets aholda Shimei, an sez, YOUSE DUMAZZ, I TOLDED YOUSE 2 NAWT 2 GO ANNA YOUSE PROMISD LARD CAT 2, ORELZE WEZ KIN KILLYAZ, an den youse meowed, OK-OK Sure I Nawt Goin Aniwere An Ai Hearz Youse...Youse Don Hafta Yell.

Parently Iz Did Hafta Yell Cuz Youse Lied To Da Lard Cat, So Watz It Gunna Be Den?

Teh king cat sed 2 Shimei, Youse Nose Youse Bin A Bad Catz Anna Youse Gunna Git It;

Taint Mai Fawlt Youse Skrewd Dumazz, sez king Solomon cat as him eated cheezebrgrz, az himz skratchd around inna littrboxz uv David.

undefined

Solomon cat huwkd up wit Pharoh king cat uv Egypt an maid teh first filial femail cat dawtr uv hiz himz wief fur da boinkin. Himz boinkd hur atta CeeTee uv David until him finshd bildin himz palazz anna littrboxz uv teh Lard Cat, an teh wallz roun Jouslum, srsly datz a lotta sirus boinkin an himz peniz getz tyrd butt nawt fallov.

Butt da peepz wer still bietin heds orffa chiknz anna sackafiecin atta toppa hilz N sutch, cuz no catz maid big littrboxz fur teh Lard Cat yet soz derz lotsa Lard Cat poopz onna grownd instedda inna box wit da niez smellie catz littr.

Soz Solomon showd hiz hrd peniz to teh Lard Cat an walkd wit himz styff tayl inna air liek judge judy sed himz shud liek himz dadacatz David did, ceptin himz awferd ta biet heds orffa chiknz an ta birnded insensez on toppa hilz N sutch.

King cat gon to Gibeon to awferd sackafiecin anna chiknz hed bietin orf, fer taht wuz mostest portint toppa hilz N sutch plaze, an Solomon cat awferd a towsand birnded chikn hedz onna altar.

At Gibeon teh Lard Cat wuz in Solomon catz hed (Solomon cat wuz delusional cat on LDS liek all uv demz hip gaiz bak den), an Ceiling Cat sed, "WTF YOUSE WANT FRUM ME?"

Solomon cat, himz dreamin on LDS, sed, "Youse bin niez to mah bootlikn dadacatz, David, cuz him showz youse himz peniz an walkd wit himz styff tayl inna air. Youbin gud sum mor an gibbin himz niez boy kittn to sitz onna himz toilet seat liek today. Srsly.

"Meow, Ow Lard Cat mah Ceiling Cat, Ai iz der bootlikn king cat inna plaze uv dadacatz David. Butt Ai iz justa widdle kittn an donna nose howta dance laik da big cat dancez.

Yer bootlikr iz here in da middL uv teh catz youse piked out fer yerselfz, wez riel niez catz too, an derz way too mani uv uz cats fer da cowntin.

Soz gimme a break liek to meh, da bootlikr, an lettuz see riet stuffz to duz instedda rong stuffs to duz. Tellmez, sidez meh, whoz gunna be yer main cat d00d dat kin duz da stuffz dat youse needz doin? WTF, Srsly?"

An Lard Cat wuz smilin taht Solomon cat yammrd fur diz stuffz so nawt shellfishly.

Soz Ceiling Cat sez, "Cuz youse wantd dis stuffz anna nawt vampire livin orda joolz anna guld N krapy W^L*M^RT stuffz fur youse own, anna youse nawt askded fer meh 2 killz yer dumazz enimaz but watchd episodz uv judge judy,

Aiz gunna duz watchoo askz fer. Ai gibz youse brainiac sizd brain inna hed anna niez blud tikker, soz taht der nawt evva gunna be da niez gaiz liek youse, srsly evva.  Ai meanz itz, srsly.

Anna nuddr ting, Ai gunna gibz you all da W^L*M^RT stuffz anna joolz ta boot soz youse gunna be teh Catz uv da Walk type king uv catz wit a reeeeeel big styff tayl anna reeeeel niez peniz laik no uddr catz haz.

An iffn youse walkd wit youse styff tayl inna air an watchez judge judy liek youse dadacatz David, Ai gibs you da loooooong vampire livin fo freebee.  Naw watcher meowin bout dat?"

Den Solomon cat woke frum da LDS—an himz nose hebe havin delusions laik all dem riel hip gaiz bak den. Himz gobak 2 Jouslum, stud inna middl uv da Lard Catz littrboxz, scratchd round, bit teh hedz orffa sum birnded chiknz an showd himz real niez peniz to da uddr fella catz. Tehn himz fed alla catz niez kibbl an warm milk.

Naw cumz da storie tyme wen 2 mattrez-hag hookaz wimmin cum to da king cat anna standed der an yammerd atz him.

Onna uv demz mattrez-hag hookaz sed, "Oh Hai gud lukkin king cat wit da reeeeel niez peniz anna styff tayl, diz here ho-bagz livvin wit me inna same crashpadz. Ai getz nokked up frum da illeegl jynaseckz anna hadz diz kittn wen shez livvin wit mez.

Onna turd dayz aftr mah kittnz poppd outta mez jyna, diz here hag alzo hadda jynaseckz kittn 2, no liez.  We wuz lone anna no catz wuz der butt uz 2, srsly."

"Den atta niet timez, diz here hooka-hagz boy kittn getz dedr den ded cuz she rollz her fat azz onna himz punk azz soz dat shez skwishd him liek sawft catz poo.

Soz shez gettin up inna niet timez an takded mien kittn frum youse bestest niezest bootlikenest sweetest hag-ho wyle Aiz nappin an keptd him fur herz own. Shez maid himz eated cheeze milk frum her big mellunz an putz her dedr den ded kittn onna mah own cheeze mellunz.

Wehn I wokez up frum nappin, I seez diz dedr den ded kittn—did Ai tellz ya himz dedr den ded?! Butt den Ai lookded reeeel cloze-laik an seez him nawt mah kittnz dat popped outta mah jyna."

Den teh udder mattrez-hag-hooka-ho sed, "No! Diz livin one is mah kittn boyyo; dat flat-soft-skwished ded 1 iz yorz." Butt teh firs ho yammrd, "Naw! Dedziz yorz; livvin onez mien." Dey yammrd an yammrd an hadda Catfight! riet der in frunt uv da king cat.

King cat sed, "U yammrz, 'Diz livin one is mah kittn boyyo anna dedonz yorz,' anna uddr ho-bag yammrz, 'Diz livin one is mah kittn boyyo anna dedonz yorz,' Sheesh youse ho-hag catz dun gibbn meh a biiiiig hedake anna biiiiig softy peniz."

Den da king cat getz boltz uv litenin inniz brainiac azz himz skratchz round inniz littrboxz.  Him sez, "Getz me a big-azz pointy cheezebrgrz...naw, wait youse catz, getz me a big-azz pointy sord.  Heh-heh, juz kiddn." Soz tehy bringim a big-azz pointy sord fur da king catz.

Den him sed in big boomin voyce-liek: "CUT DAT CHEEZEBRGRZ KITTN INTA 2 BIET-SIZD PEECEZ ANNA GIB ONE BIET 2 EACH YAMMRN MATTREZ-HAG-JYNASECKZ-HOOKA-HO!!!  SRSLY D00DZ, LIEK RIET FRIGGN NAW!!"

Teh catwomn whoz kittn wuz libbin yammrz anna meowz anna sez to da king cat, "Yo! Datz nawt riet, my lard cat, Ida radder youse gibbit to dat cow-hag stedda me eated dat biet-sizd peece! Donna choppn himz up cuz Ai nawtz hungry cat riet now!" Butt uddr hag-ho cat sez, "Webe eated kittnbrgrz toniet!  Chopper up da cheezekittn cuz diz Iz hungry cat! Meow. Anna I gotz jarz uv mayo anna relizh hier too.  Anna kold beerz."

Tehn king cat givz his judge judy speetch: "DAT FIRS HO-HAG GETZ DA KITTN. DONT YOUSE GAIZ CHOPPIM UP INTA BIET-SIZD KITTNBRGRZ; DATZ DA RIET JYNASECKZ HO-MUDDR."

undefined

31 Him wuz wizest azz cat uv all catz evvr, including Ethan teh Ezrahite — wizer tahn Heman (datz He-man "da mostest powerfulest cat in da univers" TV fellr uv da 1980z), Calcol and Darda, kittnz uv Mahol (In youse-hole?  Naw, Mahol, itz niecr in der). And himz flame spread to all teh Bic lyters all over da playz. 

An deze wer himz chef fishalz:
Azariah kittn uv Zadok — teh priest cat;

Elihoreph anna Ahijah, kittnz uv Shisha—sekretrys, liek coffee makin cat;
Jehoshaphat kittn uv Ahilud - him fatcat DVD recordr cat;

Benaiah kittn uv Jehoiada — kmandr in chef, liek bozz cat;
Zadok anna Abiathar-priest catz;

Azariah kittn uv Nathan — in charg uv teh distrkt offserz;
Zabud kittn uv Nathan — a priest cat an personal advyzr 2 teh king cat, liek yammrn in himz earz;

Ahishar — in charg uv da palace littrboxz;
Adoniram kittn uv Abda — in charg uv forsd labor an slavry, liek bozz whip-krakkr, tayl-bietr cat.

Solomon cat also had liek 12 distrkt Guvnrz over all Itzreal?, an demz supplied stuffz an littr fur teh king cat an da royal crashpadz. Evvry guvnr cat had 2 gibb stuffz fur one munth inna yearz.

These are their names:
Ben-Hur — himz portent moviestar chariot cat inna hill cuntry uv Ephraim;

Ben-Deker (nawt Ben Dover, Ai nose watchr thinkin, datz anudder ankle-grabbin cat) — in Makaz, Shaalbim, Beth Shemesh and Elon Bethhanan;

Ben-Hesed (Him sed "wat da eff?" an haz niec stiff tayl) — in Arubboth, datz Socoh an olive da landz uv Hepher wer himz

Ben-Abinadab (himz nawt ankle-grab) — in Naphoth Dor, himz wief wuz Taphath dawter kittn uv Solomon

Baana kittn uv Ahilud — in Taanach and Megiddo, himz big banana kittn-cat uv olive Beth Shan nex 2 Zarethan below Jezreel, frum Beth Shan 2 Abel Meholah acroz 2 Jokmeam, datz allota grownd 2 cuvvr, srsly;

Ben-Geber (himz babby fud jar makr) — in Ramoth Gilead da crashpadz uv Jair kittn uv Manasseh in Gilead wer himz, an olive da distrikt of Argob in Bashan an its sexty large walld ceeteez wit bronze gate barz

Ahinadab kittn uv Iddo (nawt Iddiot cat) — in Mahanaim (srsly, datz in Germknee);

Ahimaaz (srsly, youse an azz) — in Naphtali, himz wief iz Basemath nuddr dawtr kittn uv Solomon

Baana kittn uv Hushai — him nuddr top banana cat inna Asher and inna Aloth;

Jehoshaphat kittn uv Paruah (srsly, himz a phat cat) — in Issachar;

Shimei kittn uv Ela (nawt da ded cat wut teh azzazzin Benaiah dun killt in 1 Kings 2, butt nuddr cat) — in Benjamin;

Geber son of Uri (nuddr babby fud jar makr) — in Gilead da cuntry iv Sihon king uv da Amorites anda cuntry uv Og king uv Bashan. Himz only guvnr uv teh distrkt.

Ceiling Cat gibbeded Solomon cat wize smartz an good lookz anna niec peniz anna styff tayl an freebee judge judy channelz 2 watch.

And Solomon cat wuz top cat ovr all kingdomz frum teh Ribber 2 teh land uv Phil Donahews, an 2 da bordr uv Egypt. Theze playzez gibbed stuff 2 Solomon cat, niec real niec liek furevva.  Srsly.

Solomon cat's daily wantin uv stuffz wuz tirty really frickin big bagz uv niec flowerz and sixty really frickin big bagz of littr,

ten niec dubba cheezbrgrz (dubba mayo), twenty niec trippa cheezbrgrz (holda onionz) anna hundreded niec fat sheepz an goatz, niec choco milkshakez an mor cheezbrgrz an mor stuffz an mor cheezbrgrz an one really frickin fat chickn hed.

For him ruleded ovr all teh kingdomz west uv da Ribber, frum Tiphsah 2 Gaza, and had peas an quiet on all sides (until much, much, much l8r wen Itsreal? jumpeded on sum arabs wit U.S. made jetz an tankz).

During Solomon cat's lieftyme evry cat frum Jouduh and Itzreal?, an evry cat frum Dan to Beersheba, liveded in safety, each cat wit himz own comfy chair anna littrboxz anna niec cheezbrgrz.  Meow, srsly.

Solomon had a frickin lotta chairz on wheelz anna even frickin more billionz uv horses.  Liek azif, srsly.

Teh distrkt orificerz, evvry frickin month, gave King Solomon cat cheezbrgrz 2 all dat skratched in himz littrboxz. Tehy had lotsa stuffz an littr. Srsly.

Tehy also brungded booze an barbecue stuffz fer da party an straw fur da chariot horsez anna uddr horsez.

undefined

Solomon cat's wize smartz wuz greater tahn teh wize smartz uv all teh cats uv teh East, and greater tahn all teh wize smartz uv Egypt, srsly wize azz cat him wuz.

undefined

undefined

Wehn Hiram teh king of Tyre hurd that teh Solomon wuz gunna be teh nu king aftur David, him sendz gaiz to Solomon, cuz him and David gud frendz and stuff.

An Solomons lyk

"yu knowz cuz of teh warz 'round meh daddi, him kant make nu temple for hiz ceiling cat.

But now, warz iz dun, thx to ceiling cat, an lif's gud hir. srsly.

so, meh wanna mak ceiling cat nu temple an iz gunna be teh shiznits, liek ceiling cat sez to meh daddi 'ur kidz a gunna bild meh temple, srsly, lol'

"so yu be lyk 'cut sum trees.' weez gunna wurk wit yuz, an yuz gunna git whatevah yuz want. dem Sidonians leet wit teh wood, lol. srsly. kthxbai"

den, Hiramz all liek "teh ceiling cat givz david a gud son. ya i no, srsly, lol."

den Hiram givz messaj to Solomon:


undefined

an dats how Hiram gaved teh woodz to Solomon.

an Solomon gaveded Hiram lotza cheezburgerz. srsly.

an ceilin cat gaveded Solomon all kindza brainz an stuffz liek him sed him wood. So Hiram an Solomon good peeps now.

Solly King goteded some gaiz to work for him. ya, him got lotza gaiz. srsly, gaiz, more dan all teh cheezburgerz in teh house!

Den, him sent dem.

Thair wuz a lotta kitteh workin.

srsly.

undefined

So, srsly, gaiz. Dis iz lyk a long tiem aftir dey leaved Egypt. An now Solomon king maded teh rly leet temple.

Teh temple wuz liek biggir den haus.

an sum partz wuz rly big!

an teh windwz wir rly thin.

but dats not teh best part. him puted lotza roomz on teh edge.

but den, ZOMG, him put a lotta florz, liek 3 of dem. no, srsly, gaiz.

ya, but dere wuz no soundz. srsly.

and dere wuz stairz, so yu kood go 2 teh florz, ya, cuz why doz him put 3 florz an no put stairz?

so, him liek done now.

and dere waz teh side roomz, yeh, lol.

so ceiling cat sez (now yu bedder pay atenshun cuz when ceiling cat sez sumthin, yu lissin)

"Yu do dis, and teh promiz i sed to yur dad gunna get dun wif yu.

Den, Ima liv witchas, yeh. srsly.

so, Solomon doen now.

And Solly goted liek sum nice woodz for teh wallz and florz.

And him maded teh holy plaiz.

An haus woz forty tailz LONG!

An insid woz wud, not rox!  Wud woz skrached into pritty flowrs!

He maed place fr speshul CeilingCat telephone.  An speshul catbed.

speshul place wuz big! An had goldz! an had smelly wud.

Ya rly lotz goldz!

Moar goldz!  Goldz fer CeilingCat haus!

Den Solomon maeded two BirdKats wit tree!  Maed em tall!

An der BirdKatz wings wer five tailz long!!

BirdKats wer same size.

Srsly.  Wer same size.

Den he putted em in haus an der wings tuched wallz!

An he cuvrd BirdKats wit goldz!

An he carvd moar!  Liek kittehs an flowrs!

An add moar goldz MOAR GOLDZ!

Solly maeded doorz frum woodz.  Speshul woodz gud to lik om nom nom nom.

Moar doorz an speshul wud an carvd kittehs an flowrs an MOAR GOLDZ!!! NO WAI SO MANY GOLDZ!

Ther wer moar doorz wit speshul woodz.

Othr doorz had stinky woodz.

but had moar kittehs, moar flowrs, MOAR GOLDZ!

An inside haus he puted big rox an gud wud.

See, he startd haus in yeer four

undefined

So, iff anybodeh akshully readed teh last chapter, teh howse he bilt waz liek, OMGWTFBBQ! TIS FINISHEZ!

Den Solomin waz liek, LOLZ, letz maek anutter howse, srlsy! Dis tiem in lebanon an stuffs!

An dere waz liek teh mohst l33t ruuf omg!

An winndowz an stuffs!

An doorz wit FOR SIDEZ! ZOMGLOLROFLOMGROFLCOPTER!!!! Srsly.

An den Solomin maed dis awsumm hawwl wit pillerz, an maed a porch an stuff! WOOTZ!

An den Solomin waz liek Not enuf hawwlz, srsly. An he maed mor hawwlz, wit a throwne dis tiem!

An den Solomin maed a howse for himmsellves, an also won for hiz hawt wife! Srsly.

An Solomin waz liek: OMG! It wood be awesomez if ai maed mai teh whole howse out of expnsive stonse Z0MG! Srsly.

An so he maed teh whole botem of teh howse of those expnsive stonse.

An der wer stonse EVERWERE! Srsly.

An he also maed dis leet court out of dose expnsive stonse.

An den Solomin waz liek: Hiram, want teh come oveh an maek bronz stuffz?

An Hiram waz liek: Awesomez! Yah, ai comin oveh rite now!

An Hiram maeks two pilarz, and dey were tallz. Srsly, dey were very tallz.

An he also maed stufz teh put on top of teh pilarz.

An teh stuff lookeh liek dey were teh best in teh world!

An den he maed mor stufz! Srsly, yah deat's wut he did.

An dey were tallz also! ZOMG.

an he also waz liek: Pomegranitez iz liek chezburger, yummeh, lez maek lotz of dem. An so he did.

An den Hiram sayz dat he iz manin teh pilarz. An he was finaly don! Yarly.

undefined

An den he went an maed dis bathtub thing, an it waz bigz srsly lawge.

Srsly, it waz rly bigz, and leet.

An Hiram waz liek: Awsomez, letz put teh bathtub top of oxez! LOL.

Teh bathtub waz thick too, an it waz bigz. Srsly.

An Hiram made deze stahnd things, an dey were bigz.

Srsly, dey also had bordrs to! ZOMG!

An Hiram waz liek: LOLZ, letz put oxez an lionz an other stufz aroun teh bordr! An it waz awsums.

TAn all teh standz had circl weelz to. Dey wer also made out ov bronze, WTF!

An teh stahnd things had opningz, WTF? Srsly.

Teh wheelz, dere wer fore of dem! An dey wer under teh bordrz. Srsly.

Teh wheelz wer rly leet. Ya rly.

An teh stahndz had suppotrs!

An at teh topp of teh stahndz wer round bandz.

An der wer weird stufz on teh surfaze, WTF Hiram, WTF.

Yah, an Hiram made ten of dem. OMG, y ten? Ya need ten? LOLZ.

Huram awsoh maed ten tinee bwonz bowls, wun fur eech kart. Eech bowl wuz six pawz akwoz an cud hod 55 milk jugz uv watur.

He puht five watur kartz awn ze sauth wahl uv ze Tehmpuhl an five awn ze north wahl. Ze gwate bwonz bowl nahmd ze C wuz put bie ze sautheest wahlz uv ze Tehmpuhl.

He awso maed ze needid washbowlz, shovelz, and bowlz. So finahly Huram finishd evuryting Burgre King Solomon had tohld himz too maek for ze Tehmpuhl uv Cieling Cat:

ze two cohlumz; ze two bowl-liek capitohlz awn tawp uv ze cohlumz; ze two nehtwurkz uv chanelink tat decoratdz ze capitohlz;

ze 400 pomigranatz tat hung frum ze chanz on ze capitohlz (two rohwz uv pomigranatz fur eech uv ze chane nehtwurkz tat decoratdz ze capitohlz on top uv ze cohlumz);

ze ten watur kartz hoding ze ten bowlz;

ze C an ze twelv cawz undur eet;

ze ash buketz, ze shovelz, an ze bowlz. Huram maed aww dez tingz uv burnishd bwonz fur ze Tehmpuhl uv Cieling Cat, jus as Burgur King Solomon had saed.

Ze king ad dem kast een klai mowdz een ze Jordan Valley betwen Succoth an Zarethan.

Solomon dihd nawt way aww dez tingz bekawze dere waz so many; ze wayt uv ze bwonz culd not bee mesurd.

Solomon also maed aww ze furnishingz uv ze Tehmpuhl uv Cieling Cat: ze gowden altur; ze gowden taybuhl fur ze Bread uv ze Presence uv Cieling Cat;

ze lahmpstandz uv solihd gowd, five on ze sauth and five on ze north, een frunt uv ze Most Holy Place; ze flouerz decorationz, lahmpz, an tongz—aww uv gowd;

undefined

Solomon getted elderz of Israel an all hedz of tribez, chiefs ov dads ov kittehs of Isreal, so dey bring ark ov covenant of Ceiling Cat frm city of David.

An all kittehs ov Israel comes to King Solomon at very yummy feast of Ethanim, sevnth mnth.

An all teh old kittehs cames, an teh priests bringed teh ark.

An teh priests bringed ark, an tabrnacls, an holi stuffs an all sortsa stuffs.

An Solomon and teh kittehs sacrificez catnips an mousez to Ceiling Cat and not eet thems.

An priests bringed teh ark into teh oracle of teh hause (most holi plase!) undr cherub wings.

Teh cherubs spred ther wings ovr teh ark an covrd it an keeped it safe.

An ther were also staves that r ther still ther. Srsly.

And OMG two big stones wer in teh ark! Moses put them ther when he got covenant wif Ceiling Cat.

When preists were com out ov holi plase, ther was cloud. But not fart cloud, LOLZ. Wuz not smelly.

Teh preists no could minister ther becaus of cloud. OMG! Teh glory of Ceiling Cat filled teh hause!!1!

Then Solomon sez, "Ceiling Cat livs in teh cloud, srsly!"

An then he sez, "I builded u a hause, and u lives in it."

An Solomon gives teh kittehs cheezburgers, an teh kittehs stood.

An Solomon sed, "Ceiling Cat iz RLY SUPR awsume, u kno!!! He talks to my dad smtimes.

When we lefts Egypt, I not choose tribe city. David ruled teh kittehs.

An my dad wanted to buildz hause for Ceiling Cat.

An Ceiling Cat sed to my dad, 'U wantz to build me a hause.

But DO NOT WANT u to build hause. Ur son will builds teh hause, OK?'

An I iz king an I buildz hause for Ceiling Cat.

An I makez soopr speshul plase for ark."

An Solomon stood at ark wif teh kittehs an he puts his paws in teh air.

Then Solomon sed, "Ceiling Cat, ther iz no kitteh liek u in teh ceiling, or in da urfs. U keeps covenant an mercee wif servents that luv u cuz ur totalee kewl.

You stays wif my dad an talks wif him an fulfilled stuff wif him.

So plz Ceiling Cat, my dad can has help to keep good kittehs on throne?

Plz to has veriffcaton? Thx.

Da urfs no can contain Ceiling Cat. Teh holi hause not big, eithr. WOW OMG Ceiling Cat IZ HUGE!!!1!

I makes you a prayer an I hope u lieks it:

Plz to watch hause day n night an teh plase wif my name wher servant makes u a prayer.

An lissen to servants when tey pray toward teh hause an forgiv them, plz to has.

If any kitteh be's meen to other kittehs, or he sez bad stuffs, an he sez teh bad stuffs in ur hause,

Then judge him an punish teh bad kittehs and givz cheezburgers to teh good kittehs.

When enemies be killin our doodz becaus teh kittehs wer bad an then teh kittehs pray an needs u again,

Heer thems an forgive them an they can has dere dads' land.

When ceiling closes an there is no rains becaus they wer bad an tehn they pray an DO NOT WANT invisible error,

Heers them an forgiv an teech thems teh good wai an givs them rains. But DO NOT WANT BAFF!!!

I dere be no noms, or if kittehs has a bugs, or if enemiez be killin our doodz,

An teh kittehs knoes these bad stuffs an they prays toward teh hause

Heers them an forgives an gives cheezburgers to good kittehs an not to bad kittehs (U knoes who dey r)

An dey wil feers u an lives in da land u gived them.

An about weird doods from othr plases that lov u an wanna liv in Israel:

(They will heer about u) When he prais toward teh hous,

Heers it, an kitteh can has what kitteh wants.

If our kittehs be killin their doodz an our kittehs pray to u:

Heers them an helps them.

If kitteh maeks invisible error (dey all do) an ur angree wif them, an gives them to teh bad doods,

But if kitteh DO NOT WANT invisible error an repnts,

An they reetrn to u wif dere heartz an pray,

Heer ther praiers an helps them.

Forgivs them an givs them compassion:

For dey r ur kittehs, liek totlly.

So lissen to them, plz.

We is not same kittehs as other kittehs. We is ur favrites, Ceiling Cat."

Then Solomon FINALY stopd praying an stood up frm teh altar.

An he sez to teh kittehs,

"Cheezburgers for Ceiling Cat, becaus he givs us cheezburgers.

Ceiling Cat iz wif us forevr. Rly.

He helpz us luv him an be good kittehs just liek our dadz.

An I hope Ceiling Cat iz lissening an dat he helpz Israel:

That all teh kittehs will knoes Ceiling Cat an that ther is no other.

Maek sure ur hart iz perfect wif Ceiling Cat an lissen to him. Kthxbai."

An Solomon an teh kittehs gived Ceiling Cat lotsa, LOTSA sacrifices.

Maybe they gives too much. An teh king n all teh kittehs dedicate teh hous to Ceiling Cat.

An da same day, teh king gived Ceiling Cat lotsa more meat on a biggr plate an lotsa fat, too.

Then Solomon had a feest, an teh king an teh kittehs eated for forteen dayz liek OMGWTFBBQ!!!

undefined

When Solomon had finished maeking holi hause for Ceeling Cat an the royal scratching post, an dun all he wanted to,

Ceeling cat showed up for second tiem, lyke at Gibeon.

Ceeling cat sed to him: "I herd yer prayer an plea yu maed in front uv me; I made this holi haus very, very specul, dat you maed, by putting mai Name dere forever an evur. Mai eyes and mai heart will always be dere.

"As for yu, if yu walk before me wif a gud heart and not fall over, as David yer daddy did, and do all I command and observe mai forum roolz,

I will give yu royal sofa over Israel forever, as I promised David yer daddy when I said, 'Yu will not failzors to have a dood on teh royal sofa of Israel.'

"But if yu or yer boy kitties turn away from me and braek the roolz I haz given yu an go off to serve other gods and give them yer cheezburgers,

den I will cut off Israel from teh place I has given them and will reject dis spechul haus I maed very specul for mai Name. Israel will be big fail an the hoomans will ROTFL at it.

An though dis spechul haus is now srsly impressive, all hu go by will be appalled an will lol an say, 'Y has Ceeling Cat dun such tings to dis place and dis Now Hiram had sent to the king 120 talents [d] of gold.spechul haus?'

Hoomanz will say, 'Coz dey have forsaken Ceeling Cat, hu brought dere daddies out uv Egypt, and have cuddled wif uvver gods, worshiping and giving dem cookies—dat is why Ceeling Cat maed all dis bad stuffs happen.' "

At the end of twenny yrs, during which Solomon maed these two hauses—the holi haus uv Ceeling Cat an teh royal scratching post-

King Solomon gived twenvy towns in Galilee to Hiram king of Tyre, coz Hiram gave him all teh wood and gold he wanted.

But when Hiram went from Tyre to see teh towns dat Solomon gived him, he did not have a happee.

"Whut kindz uv towns are dese yu gived me, my bruvver?" he asked. An he called them the Land of Cabul (sounz liek Hebroo word for good for nuffing), a name dey still has.

Now Hiram sended to teh king 120 lotses uv gold.

Here is teh storee uv the forced anti lazee time de King Solomon used to maek Ceeling Cat's holi haus, his own scratching post, teh supporting thingies, the wall uv Jerusalem, and Hazor, Megiddo and Gezer.

(Pharaoh king uv Egypt raided an captured Gezer. He set it on fire an timedout teh Canaanite hoomans an den gived it as wedding gift to his gurl kittie, Solomon's ladee.

An Solomon remaeked Gezer.) He built up Lower Beth Horon,

Baalath, and Tadmor in teh great dry place, within his land,

as well as all his cheezburger storage an teh places for his wheely things an for his horses — whutever he wanted to maek in Jerusalem, in Lebanon an fru all teh territory he roold.

All teh hoomans left from the Amorites, Hittites, Perizzites, Hivites an Jebusites (dese hoomans were not Israelites, sos yu know),

dat is, dere childrens still hanging around, who teh Israelites couldn't time out — dese Solomon signed up for his anti-lazee time workers, as it is to dis day.

But Solomon not maek slaves uv teh Israelites; dey wuz his fighting hoomans, his politick hoomans, his officers, his captains, and the commanders uv his wheely things and drivers uv teh wheely things.

Dey wuz also teh chief hoomans in charge of Solomon's works — lots uv important hoomans watching teh other hoomans who did work.

After Pharaoh's gurl kittie came up from teh City uv David to teh scratching pst Solomon maeked for her, he maed teh support thingies.

Three times a year Solomon gaved burnt cheezburgers and friendz offerings on teh table he maeked for Ceeling Cat, burning catnip before Ceeling Cat wif them, an so did all the holi place stuffs.

King Solomon also maeked floaty things at Ezion Geber, which is near Elath in Edom, on teh edge uv teh Red Sea.

An Hiram sended his men—sailors hu knew teh wet place — to wurk in teh fleet with Solomon's hoomans.

undefined

When da kween of Sheeba (No Riba?) herded about teh fame of Solomon and his relayshun to teh name of the Ceiling Cat, she wanted to tested him with kwestchuns that were teh hardzors.

She camed to Jerusalem with lots of purdy camels and spices and gold and catnips and other purty things srsly. She wanted to talk to Solomon about what was on her mindz.

Solomon was teh smartz and answerded all her kwestchuns, cuz he was ~*King*~ and nothing was too harded for him

Sheeba saw all of his Wisdomz and the kitteh palace he built

And his foodz and teh offishul kittehs, and their robez and and burnt offeringsz at the temple to the Ceiling Cat

She sayded to King "Oh dang, wut I heard about you was truesies!"

"But I couldn't believe teh awesomez 'till I sawded it wif mah own eyez. But srsly, this is more awesomez than wut my peoples telld me!"

"You must be vair happy! And all those kittehs before you must be teh happeh too!"

"Praise be to the Celing Cat, who maded you awesomez and put you in charge hur."

She gave the King man 4 1/2 tons of catnip, sum spices, an maybe some stones. Never did anyone outdo her gifts.

(Soem d00d naemd Hiram has shipz, n dey bring goldz n moar 1337 stufz)

Solomon uses the gifts. He uses woodz to make support for temple to Ceiling Cat. He makes harps and kitty lyres for to make jamz.

King Solomon Kitteh gave this Sheeba all the cheezburgers she wanted, and then she went home.

Solomon was the favorite, so he got lots and lots of gold and stuffz yearly.

This was not even inclooding monies that he gotted from merchants and other peoples.

King Solomon Kitteh maded sum gold shieldz, a hoal lotta gold put in evry one.

He maded two free hunert itty-bitty shieldz. Den he putted dem in da Palace of da Forest of Lebanon.

Den he had maded a big King kitteh-bed wit gold on da outside.

Da kitteh-bed had sickz climber-up thingies and wuz rounded on da top. On bof sidez wuz pawrestz wit a giant lion-kitteh sittin next to dem.

Twelv giant lion-kittehs satted on da sickz climber-up thingies wit two on each thingie. No udder King Kitteh eber had one likez it befor.

All da King Solomon Kittehs drinkin bowlz were maeda gold an all da stuffz in da Palace of Lebanon were gold. Dere wuz no silber stuff cuz back den silber was not want.

Da king had bunchez of big boatz dat got stuffs along wit Hiram dudes boatz. Every tree yearz dey cum bak bringin gold, silber, big teeth and little an big monkies, srsly.

King Solomon Kitteh had moar stuffz and smartz dan da udder king kittehs.

Evrybodee wanted ta heer wut he sed so dey came around lotz.

Wen dey came dey brot stuffs liek silber, gold, dresses, pew-pew wepunz and catnipz, horsies and mulesies.

Solomon gotz alotta charyots and horsiez, rly a hole bunch an dey had dere own citee, plus sumz he had in Jerryslam.

Da king maded silber commun like fleaz, an cedar tree stuf liek hairballz.

Solomonz horsiez caim frum Egypt an Kue.

undefined

But King Solomon luvved many foriegn women, as well as teh daughetr uv teh Pharaoh: women uv teh Moabites, Ammonites, Edomites, Dionians, an Hittites--

frum teh natshuns dat Ceiling Cat sed to teh kittehs uv Israel, "Yu no can has marree wif dem, nor dem wif yu. 'Caues dey will maek yu turn yur haerts away afetr dere godz. Srsly." Solomon lurved him wifez tho liek kittehs loev cheezburgerz.

An him had 700 wifez, princessz, an tree hundred concubinz; an him wifez turneded away him haert.

Fer it wuz so, wen Solomon wuz old, dat him wifes turneded him haert afetr uder godz; an him haert wuz not loyalz tew Ceiling Cat, unliek how him daddeh David wuz.

Fer Solomon wen afetr Ashtoreth teh goddess uv teh Sidonians, an afetr Milcom teh abominachun uv teh Ammonites.

Solomon didz ebil in teh site uv Ceiling Cat, an no giev Ceiling Cat any Pokemans, as didz him daddeh David.

Den Solomon can builded a hi plaec fer Chemosh teh abominachun uv Moab, on teh hill dat is east uv Jerusalem, an fer Molech teh abominachun uv teh peeps uv Ammon.

An him did liekwiz fer all him foriegn wifes, who burnd catnipz an sacrifizd to dere gods.

So Ceiling Cat gotz pissed off at Solomon, becaues him haert had turneded awaiz frum Ceiling Cat, who can had appeerd to him twice,

an had comandeded him consurnin dis ting, dat him shud no goez afetr uthr godz; but him no keptz wut Ceiling Cat toldz him to doez.

Derefur Ceiling Cat sed to Solomon, "WTF?! Since yu no can fullo instructchuns liek Ai toldz yu tew, ai can has stealeded yur kingdum frum yu an giev it tew yur servunt.

But fer teh saek uv yur daddeh David, Ai can has wait until teh dayz uv yur son to do dat.

Oh wiat. Ai no can has stealed teh hoel kingdum frum yer son; him can has one trieb fur teh sake of Mai servunt David, an fer teh saek uv Jerusalem wich I can has chozn. LOL yea dat be abot rite."

Nao Ceiling Cat raised up a advursareh agants Solomon, Hadad teh Edomite; him wuz a decendunt uv teh king in Edom.

Fer it happend, wen David wuz in Edom, an Joab teh commandah uv teh armeh wen to burai teh ded ppl afetr him can has pwnd all teh maels in Edom

(becaues fer six munths Joab stayd dere wif all Israel, until him pwnd all teh d00ds in Edom)

dat Hadad ran awai to Egypt, him an certina Edomites uv him daddeh's servunts wif him. Hadad wuz still a littel d00d. Srsly.

Den dey arised frum Midian an caem to Paran; an dey tuk d00ds wif dem frum Paran an caem to Egypt, to Pharaoh king uv Egypt, who gived him a houes, fud, an ladn.

An Hadad becaem BFFs wif Pharaoh, an gived him Pokemons, so dat Pharaoh gived him teh sitser uv him own wief fer a wief--teh sitser uv Queen Tahpenes.

Den teh sitser uv Tahpenes waend in Pharaoh's houes. An Genubath wuz in Pharaoh's houeshodl amung teh sons uv Pharaoh.

So wen Hadad haerd in Egypt dat David maek incestous sleep wif him daddehs, an dat Joab teh commandah wuz ded, Hadad sed to Pharaoh, "Oh hai. I can has go hoem to mai countrai?"

Den Pharaoh sed to him, "WTF? Yu no can beez happee herez but wantz to goez hoem?" An he sed, "Iz happee here, but let meh goez hoem anywai."

An Ceiling Cat raizd up anuther advursareh against him, Rezon teh son uv Eliadah, who ran frum him lord, Hadadezer king uv Zobah.

So him gathurd men to him an becaem capitan ovah a band of raidahs (uv teh Lost Ark? OMG!) wen David killd dose uv Zobah. An dey wen to Damascus an stayd dere, an reignd in Damascus.

Him wuz an advursareh uv Israel all teh dais uv Solomon (besieds all teh trubl dat Hadad cauesd); an him no liekd Israel, and rueld ovah Syria.

Den Solomon's servunt, Jeroboam teh son uv Nebat, an Ephraiamite frum Zereda, whoz mommeh's naem was Zeruah, a widow, also rebled aganst teh king.

An dis is wat cauesd him to rebel aganst teh king: solomon can had bilt teh Millo an repiard teh damagez uv teh Citeh uv David him daddeh.

Teh d00d Jeroboam wuz a mighteh d00d uv valur; an Solomon seez dat teh yung d00d wuz endustreeus an maeks him teh officah ovah all teh laybur focre uv teh houes uv Joseph.

Nao it happund at teh tiem, wen Jeroboam went out uv Jerusalem, dat teh proffet Ahijah teh Shilonite met him on teh way; an he wuz wearin a nu Caturday roeb, an teh two were aloen in teh feidl.

Den Ahijah toer him nu Caturday roeb into twelf peicez. (An Jeroboam wuz all liek, "OMG! I can seez ur hrbl! Srsly.")

An him sed to Jeroboam, "Oh hai. Yu can has ten peicez, fer Ceiling Cat sez: 'Behold, Ai will stealed teh kingdom frum teh hand uv Solomon, an yu can has ten triebz

(but him can has one trieb fer teh saek uv Mai peep David, an fer teh saek uv Jerusalem, wich Ai can has choesn out uv all teh triebz uv Israel),

becaues dey has forsaekn Meh, an wurshippd Ashtoreth teh goddess uv teh Sidonians, Chemosh teh god uv teh Moabites, an Milcom teh god uv teh peeps uv Ammon, an dey no can has do wut Ai tellz dem iz rite to do, not liek Mai BFF David did.

Howevr I will no stealed teh kingdum rite nao becaues I can has maed him rulr fur lief fer teh saek of Mai BFF David, whom Ai choes becaues he no didz ebil.

But I will stealed teh kingdum frum him son an giev yu ten triebz.

An Solomon's son can has one trieb, dat Mai peep David can has lite on fer Meh in Jerusalem (kinda liek Motel Six), teh citeh Ai has choesn fer Meh to put Mai naem to.

So I willz taek yu, an yu can has ruel ovah all yur haert desiurs, an yu can has ruel ovah Israel as king.

Den, if yu does wut Ai sez to do an no do ebil jsut liek David did, den Iz wif yu an bild fer yu endurin houes, liek wut I maed fer David, an yu can has Israel.

An Ai willz afflickt teh descendunts uv David becaues uv dis, but not forevah.'"

Solomon wuz all liek "OMGWTF?!?!1" abot eet an did want Jeroboam ded. Srsly. But Jeroboam ranz off to Shishak teh king uv Egypt, an wuz in Egypt til Solomon wuz ded. Srsly.

Nao teh rest uv teh acts uv Solomon, all dat him did, an him wisdum, dey can has been writen in teh buk uv teh acts uv Solomon? Kthnx.

An teh periud dat Solomon rueld in Jerusalem ovah all uv Israel wuz forteh yars.

undefined

An Rehoboam wen to Shechem, fer all uv Israel wen to Shechem to maek him king.

So eet happend dat Jeroboam teh son uv Nebat herd abot eet (him was still in Egypt becaues him wuz hidin frum Solomon dere)

dat dey sen taxicab fer him to coem bak. Den Jeroboam an teh hole assembleh uv Israel caem an spoek to Rehoboam an sed,

"Yur daddeh maed ar yoek hevy; nao, liten teh burdensum service uv yur daddeh, an him hevy yoek dat him put on us, an we will servez yu."

So him sed to dem, "Go awai fer tree days, den coem bak to meh." An teh ppl left.

Den King Rehoboam axed teh old ppl who stood befoer him daddeh Solomon befoer he wuz ded, "Oh hai. I can has gud answer fer dese peeps?"

An dey sed, "If yu can has ruel uv dese peeps, yu msut be a servunt to dem, an answer dem, an sai gud werds to dem, den dey willz be yur servunts ferevah."

But him rejcetd teh advice dat teh old peeps gaev him, and axed him childhud peeps,

"Wut adviec do yu giev? Wut do ai tell dem peeps who sai, 'Liten teh yoek yur daddeh put on us?'"

Him childhud peeps sed, "You can has tellz dem, 'Mai littel fingah can has be thickr dan mai daddeh's waist!

An mai daddeh put a hevy yoek on yu, ai will addz to yur yoek; mai daddeh hit yu wif whips, I be hittin yu wif scougres!"

So Jeroboam an all teh ppl caem to Rehoboam teh tird dai, as teh king told dem, "Yu can coem bak on teh tird day."

Den teh king answer dem ruffly, an rejeckted teh adviec uv teh old peeps dat sevrd him daddeh;

an him spoek to dem liek him childhud peeps can toldz him to, "An mai daddeh put a hevy yoek on yu, ai will addz to yur yoek; mai daddeh hit yu wif whips, I be hittin yu wif scougres!"

So teh king no lissen to teh peeps; fer teh turn uv evetnz was frum Ceiling Cat, dat Ceiling Cat mite keep Him werd, wich Ceiling Cat sed thru Ahijah teh Shilonite to Jeroboam teh son uv Nebat.

Nao wen all Israel saw dat teh king no lissen to dem, dey sed to teh king:
"WTF? Where our shaer uv cookies frum David? We no can has inheritunce in teh son uv Jesse. To yur tents, O Israel! Nao, see to yur own houes, O David!" So Israel wen bak hoem to dere sofaz.

But Rehoboam rueled ovah teh chidlrn uv Israel who lievd in teh citehz uv Judah.

Den King Rehoboam sent Adoram teh taxman to collect tacksez, but all Israel pwnd him wif der handguns, an he wuz ded. Srsly. Derefoer King Rehoboam hopped in him car an droev rael fast to Jerusalem.

So Israel can has been in rebelyun aganst teh houes uv David to dis dai.

Nao it caem to pass wen all uv Israel herd dat Jeroboam had coem bak, dey sent taxi to brign him to teh congregatchun, an maed him king uv all uv Israel. Dere wuz noen who followd teh houes uv David, but teh trieb uv Judah onleh.

An wen Rehoboam caem to Jerusalem, him gahterd all teh houes uv Judah wif teh trieb uv Benjamin,   one hundred an eighteh thousand choesn d00ds who were warriurs, to fite aganst teh houes uv Israel, dat him mite restoer teh kingdum to Rehoboam teh son uv Solomon.

But teh word uv Ceiling Cat caem to Shemaiah teh d00d uv Ceiling Cat, and sed,

"Oh hai! Yu can tellz Rehoboam teh son uv Solomon, teh king uv Judah, to all teh houes uv Judah an Benjamin, an to teh rest uv teh peeps, sezin,

'Thus sez Ceiling Cat: "Yu no can fites yur own peeps, kthnx. Go awai to yur hoems, becaues dis is Mai doing. Srsly."'" Derefoer dey lissened to teh werd uv Ceiling Cat an went hoem like Ceiling Cat sed to do.

Den Jeroboam bilt Shechem in teh mountuns uv Ephraim, an lievd dere. Also him wen out frum dere an bilt Penuel.

An Jeroboam sed in him haert, "Nao teh kingdum mai go bak to teh houes uv David:

If dese peeps go to offah catnipz in teh houes uv Ceiling Cat at Jerusalem, den teh haert uv dis peeps will turn bak to dere lord, Rehoboam king uv Judah, an dey will pwn me an go bak to him. DO NOT WANT!!!"

Derefoer teh king axed adviec, maed two babee moo-cowz uv gold, an sed to teh ppl, "Iz too much to axe yu to driev to Jerusalem. Here iz yur gods, O Israel, dat droev yu frum Egypt!"

An him set up one in Bethel, an teh othur in Dan.

Nao dis ting becaem an invisible error, fer teh ppl wen to worship teh babee moo-cowz as far as Dan.

He maed shirnez on teh hi-spotz, an maed priestz frum evereh class uv ppl, who were no sons uv Levi.

Jeroboam calleded fer a feast on teh fifteenth dai uv teh eighth munth, liek teh feast dat wuz in Judah, an offurd cheezburgerz on teh altar. Him did dis at Bethel, maeking cheezburgerz fer teh babee moo-cowz dat he maed.

undefined

An behuld, a d00d uv Ceiling Cat wen frum Judah to Bethel on teh Monorail Cat by teh werd uv Ceiling Cat, an Jeroboam stud bai teh altar to burnz catnipz.

Den him cried out aganst teh altar by teh werd uv Ceiling Cat, an sed, "O altar, altar! Dus sez Ceiling Cat: 'Behuld, a kiddeh, Josiah bai naem, shall be born to teh houes uv David; an on yu him shall pwn teh priests uv teh hi-spots who burnz catnipz on yu, an d00dz' boenz shall be burndz on yu.'"

An him gaev a sign teh saem dai, an sez, "Dis is teh sign dat Ceiling Cat can has spoekn: Shureleh teh altar can has splittd apart, an teh ashz on eet will pourz out."

So wen King Jeroboam herd wut teh d00d uv Ceiling Cat sed, him was rlly pissed off. Srsly. An him strecthd out him hadn an sed, "Arrest him!" Den him outstrecthd hadn withurd an him culdn't pull it bak to himsefl.

Teh altar wuz also splittd apart, an teh ashz pourzd out, jsut liek teh d00d uv Ceiling Cat sed.

Den teh king wuz liek, "Oh hai d00d uv Ceiling Cat. Yu can has axe Ceiling Cat to heal mai hadn, kthnx?" So teh d00d uv Ceiling Cat axed Ceiling Cat, an sinec Him is BFFs wif teh d00d uv Ceiling Cat, teh king's hadn wuz heald.

An den teh king sed to teh d00d uv Ceiling Cat, "Thnx! Yu can coem hoem wif meh an we can has cheezburgrz togethur? Ai will giev yu soem Pokemans."

But teh d00d uv Ceiling Cat sed to teh king, "DO NOT WANT, evun if yu gaev meh haf yur houes. I no can goez wif yu, or eated or drinked anyting here.

Becaues Ceiling Cat sed to meh, "Yu no get nom noms or waetr in dis plaec, nor taek teh saem Monorail Cat rouet bak."

So him taek differunt rouet an no tuk teh Monorail Cat rouet bak thru Bethel.

Nao an old proffet lievd in Bethel, an him sons caem an told him wut teh d00d uv Ceiling Cat sed to teh king an wut happnd in Bethel.

An dem daddeh sed, "Wich wai did him go, George, wich wai did him go?" Fer him sons sawz wich wai teh d00d uv Ceiling Cat wen who caem frum Judah.

Den him sed to him sonz, "Gimmeh mai car keyz, kthnx." So dey gaev him teh car keyz an him droev off

to luk fer teh d00d uv Ceiling Cat, an found him sittin undah an oak. Den he pulld ovah an sed, "Yu iz teh d00d uv Ceiling Cat who caem frum Judah?" An teh d00d sed, "Iz."

Den him sed to teh d00d, "Coem hoem wif meh an we can has cheezburgrz, kthnx."

An him sed, "DO NOT WANT. I can no goez bak wif yuz, I can no has cheezburgrz or waetr here.

Fer Ceiling Cat toldz meh, 'Yu no can has fud or waetr dere, an you no can retunr teh wai yu caem.'"

Him sed to teh d00d uv Ceiling Cat, "Iz proffet tew, an a angel sed to meh by werd uv Ceiling Cat an sed, "Oh hai. Taek teh d00d uv Ceiling Cat bak wif yu to yur houes, dat him can has cheezburgrs and get waetr.'" (But him was no tellin truf.)

An teh d00d uv Ceiling Cat wuz all liek, "Kthnx" an hoppd into teh utha proffet's car an dey heded bak, an had cheezburgrs an drakn waetr at teh proffet's houes.

As dey sat at teh tabel, teh werd uv Ceiling Cat caem to teh proffet dat brot teh utha d00d bak;

an him cried out to teh d00d uv Ceiling Cat who caem frum Judah, and sed to him, "Thus sez Ceiling Cat: 'WTF? Why yu no lissen to Meh?

Becaues yu no lissen to Meh an eated fud an drinked waetr in dis plaec tho Ai told yu "yu no can has fud or waetr here, kthnx", yur ded bodee will no haev incestous rest wif yur daddehs in der toom.'"

So afetr him had eated cheezburgrs an drinked waetr, teh proffet offahd to giev teh d00d uv Ceiling Cat a ried bak to Judah, but teh d00d uv Ceiling Cat sed "no thnx", so teh proffet giev him a bicycel to ried bak.

Wen him wuz goen, a lion met him on teh road an pwnd him, an him wuz ded. An teh lion thru teh ded bodee on teh road by teh still-uprite bicyel. Teh lion also stud bai teh ded bodee.

An dere, tree men passd bai an sawz teh ded bodee on teh road, an sawz teh lion bai teh ded bodee, an dey were all liek, "OMG a lion! WTF?!" Den dey ran off an told teh ppl uv teh citeh where teh old proffet lievd.

Nao wen teh proffet who had brot teh d00d uv Ceiling Cat bak frum teh wai herd teh news, him sed, "Iz teh d00d uv Ceiling Cat who no lissen to Ceiling Cat's instructchuns. So Ceiling Cat let teh lion pwn him on teh road, jsut liek Ceiling Cat sed wuld happn."

An him sed to him sonz, "I can has car keyz? Kthnx." So dey gaev him teh car keyz.

Den him droev an foudn teh ded bodee thrown on teh road, an teh bicyel an teh lion standin bai teh ded bodee. Teh lion did not eated teh ded bodee an did not stealed teh bicyel.

An teh proffet put teh ded bodee in teh back seat uv teh car, an teh bicyel in teh trunk, an brot it all bak to teh city to bureh teh ded bodee, an be all sad.

Den him laid teh ded bodee in him own toom; an dey was sad ovha him an sed, "Alas, mai bruther!" (But it wuz teh proffet's fault teh d00d uv Ceiling Cat wuz ded; him no toldz teh truff.)

So afetr dey bureed teh d00d uv Ceiling Cat, teh proffet sed to him sonz, "When iz ded, den buree meh in dat toom dat we jsut put dat d00d in; lai mai bonz bai him bonz.

For wut him sed bai teh werd uv Ceiling Cat aganst teh altar at Bethel an aganst teh shirnz on teh hi-spotz in teh citehz uv Samaria, will shurleh happen."

Afetr dis event Jeroboam no do rite, but agan maed preistz frum evereh class uv ppl fer teh hi-spotz; whoevah did want, he maed dem "holeh", an he becaem one uv teh preistz uv teh hi-spotz.

undefined

At dat tiem Abijah teh son uv Jeroboam becaem sik an stuff.

An Jeroboam sed to him wief, "Getz up, plz, an put on yur faek glassez an stuff, dat dey no recogniez yu as mai wief, an go to Shiloh. Indeed, Ahijah teh proffet iz dere, who tol meh dat ai wud be king ovah deez peepz.

Also taek wif yu ten loafz, soem caekz, an a jar uv honee, an go to him; him will tell yu wat will beoem uv teh kiddeh."

An Jeroboam's wief did so; her arised an wen to Shiloh, an caem to teh houes uv Ahijah. But Ahijah no had eyesite, for him was old an stuff. Srsly.

Nao Ceiling Cat sed to Ahijah, "Oh hai. Here iz teh wief uv Jeroboam, comin to ask yu abot her son, for him is sik an stuff. Dus an dus yu shall sez to her; for it will be, wen her coemz in, her will preten to be soem uthr woman."

An so it wuz, wen Ahijah herd teh sound uv her futstepz as her caem thru teh door, him sed, "Oh hai. Coem in, wief uv Jeroboam. Niec try, but yu no foolz meh. I can has bad newz fer yu.

Go, tell Jeroboam, 'Thus sez Ceiling Cat uv Israel: "Becaues Ai exhalted yu from among teh peeps, an maed yu rulr ovah Mai ppl Israel,

an toer teh kingdum awai frum teh houes uv David, an gaev it to yu; an yet yu no haev been liek Mai servunt David, who kept Mai commandmuntz an who follod Meh wif all him hart, to do onlee wut wuz rite in Mai eyez;

but yu has dun moar ebil dan all who was befor yu, for yu has goed and maed for yurself uthr godz and molded imagez to maek Meh mad, and haev cast Meh behind yur bak--

therfor behold! I will bring disastur on teh hous uv Jeroboam, an will cut off frum Jeroboam evury mael in Israel, bond and free;I will taek away wut's left uv teh hous uv Jeroboam, as one taeks out teh trash until iz all goen.

Teh loldogz will eated whoevur belongz to Jeroboam and iz ded in teh citeh, an teh lolbirdz uv teh air will eated whoevur iz ded in teh field, for Ceiling Cat has speaked!"'

Ariz, den, and go to yur hous. When yur feetz entur teh citeh, teh kiddeh will be ded. Srsly.

And all uv Israel will be sad and stuff for him, and bureh him, for him iz teh only one uv Jeroboam who will coem to teh grave, because him iz teh only one in teh hous of Jeroboam dat Ceiling Cat lieks.

"Moarovar Ceiling Cat will raise up for Hisself a king ovar Israel who will cutz off teh hous of Jeroboam; dis is teh dai. Lolwut? Even nao!

For Ceiling Cat will striek Israel, as salt onto friez. Him will taek Israel frum dis gud land which Him gaev der daddehz, an will scattr dem beyond teh Euphrates, becaus dey haev maked der wuden imagez, maeking Ceiling Cat very angreh.

And Him will giev Israel up becaus Jeroboam committed teh Invisible Error an maed Israel commit Invisible Errorz."

Den Jeroboam's wief left, and caem bak to Tirzah. Wen her caem to teh door uv teh hous, teh kiddeh wuz ded.

An dey bureed him; an all Israel wuz sad, just liek wut Ceiling Cat sed thru Him peep Ahijah teh proffet.

Nao teh rest uv teh actz uv Jeroboam, how him maed war and how him reignd, iz writed in teh buk uv teh chroniclez uv teh kingz uv Israel.

Teh tiem dat Jeroboam ruld wuz twenty-two yearz. So him rested wif him daddehs. Den Nadab him son tuk him plaec.

And Rehoboam teh son uv Solomon ruled in Judah. Rehoboam wuz forty-oen yearz old whn him becaem king. Him ruled fer seventeen yearz in Jerusalem, teh citeh which Ceiling Cat choosed out uv all teh triebz uv Israel, to put Him naem dere. Rehoboam's mommeh's naem wuz Naamah, an Ammonitess.

Nao Judah did ebil in teh site uv Ceiling Cat, an dey maed Ceiling Cat mad with all der Invisible Errorz, moar dan der daddehz had doen.

For dem also maed for demselfz hi plaecz, sacrd pillarz, an wuden imaegz on evury hi hill an under evury green tree.

An dere were also nasty ppl in teh land. Dey did just liek teh teh ppl who lievd in Israel befur teh Israelitez did.

It happend in teh fifth yaer uv King Rehoboam dat Shishak king uv Egypt caem up against Jerusalem.

And him tuk all teh treasurz uv Ceiling Cat's hous and out uv teh king's hous; him tuk evuryting. Him also tuk teh gold shields dat Solomon had maed.

Den King Rehoboam maed bronez sheildz in der plaec, an maed teh capitanz uv teh guard who guarded teh door to him hous, carree dem.

An whenevur teh king enterd Ceiling Cat's hous, teh guards carreed dem, den brot dem bak into teh guardrum.

Nao teh rest uv teh actz uv Rehoboam, and all dat him did, iz writtn in teh buk uv teh chroniclez uv teh kingz uv Judah.

And der wuz war between Rehoboam and Jeroboam all der daiz.

undefined

In teh eighteenth yar uv King Jeroboam teh son uv Nebat, Abijam becaem king uv Judah.

Him ruld tree yars in Jerusalem. Him mommeh's naem wuz Maachah teh granddaughtr uv Abishalom.

An him wuz just as ebil as him daddeh; him wuz not peeps wif Ceiling Cat liek him daddeh David wuz.

But fer David's saek Celing Cat gaev him a lamp in Jerusalem, by setting up him son after him and by maeking Jerusalem;

becaus David did wat wuz rite in teh eyez uv Ceiling Cat except fer when him had Uriah teh Hittite pwnd to get to him wief.

An der wuz war between Judah and Israel all teh daiz uv him lief.

Nao teh rest uv teh actz uv Abijam, and all him did, iz wroted in teh buk uv teh chroniclez uv teh kingz uv Judah. And all teh war in him daiz tew.

So Abijam slept wif him daddehs, and dey bureed him in teh Citeh uv David. Den him son Asa tuk him plaec.

In teh twentieth yar uv Jeroboam teh king uv Israel, Asa becaem king uv Judah.

And him ruld forty-oen yars in Jerusalem. Him grandmommeh's naem wuz Maachah teh granddaughter uv Abishalom.

Asa did wut wuz rite in teh eyez uv Ceiling Cat, liek him daddeh David.

And him maed teh pervertz uv teh land go awai, and tuk out all teh idulz him daddeh maed.

Also him removd Maachah him grandmommeh frum being queen mommeh becaue her maed a dirteh imaeg uv Asherah. And him cut down her dirteh imaeg an burnd it by teh Brook Kidron.

But teh hi plaecs were not remoevd. But Asa's hart wuz loyal to Ceiling Cat all him daiz.

Him also brot into teh hous uv Ceiling Cat teh tingz dat him daddeh had dedicatd, and teh tingz dat him hisself had dedicatd: silvr and gold and utensilz.

Nao dere wuz war between Asa and Bassha king uv Israel all der dayz.

An Baasha king uv Israel caem up aganst Judah, and bilt Ramah, dat him mite let anyone in or out to Asa teh king uv Judah.

Den Asa tuk all teh silver an gold dat wuz left in teh treashuriez uv teh king'z houes, an had him servantz taek it awai. An King Asa sent dem to Ben-Hadad teh son uv Tabrimmon, teh son uv Hezion, king uv Syria, who livd in Dmascus, and sed,

"Oh hai. We can haz treatiez between yu an meh, liek our daddehz did, kthnx? See, I haev sen presentz of silvr an gold so yu can has bling-bling. Coem an braek yur treatee wif Baasha teh king uv Israel, so him will go awai frum me."

So Ben-Hadad did liek Asa askd, an sent teh captainz uv him armiez aganst teh citehs uv Israel. Him attackd Ijon, Dan, Abel Beth Maachah, an all Chinneroth, wif all teh land of Naphtali.

Nao it happned, wen Bassha herd it, dat him stopped bildin Ramah, an remaind in Tirzah.

Den King Asa maed a proclaimachun thruout all Judah; none waz expemtd. An dey tuk all teh stoenz an timbr uv Ramah, wich Baasha had used fer bilding; and wif dem King Asah bilt Geba of Benjamin, and Mizpah.

Teh rest uv teh acts uv Asa, all him mite, all dat him did, an teh citehs wich him bilt, dey can be written in teh buk uv teh chronicelz uv teh kingz uv Judah? Kthnx. But in teh tiem uv him old age him had fut problemz. Srsly.

So Asa maed sleep wif him daddehs, an wuz bureed wif him daddehz in teh Citeh uv David him daddeh. Den Jehoshaphat him son tuk him plaec.

Nao Nadab teh son uv Jeroboam becaem king oveh Israel in teh second yar uv Asa king uv Judah, an him ruld oveh Israel two yars.

An him did ebil in teh site uv Ceiling Cat, an walked in teh wai uv him daddeh, an in him invisible errorz bai wich him maed Israel commit invisible errorz.

Den Baasha, teh son uv Ahijah, uv teh houes uv Issachar, maed planz aganst him. An Baasha pwnd him at Gibbethon, wich belongd to teh Philistines, while Nadab an all Israel layd siege to Gibbethon.

Baasha pwnd him in teh tird yar uv Asa king uv Judah, an rueld in him plaec.

An it waz so, wen him becaem king, dat him killd all teh houes uv Jeroboam. He did not leaev to Jeroboam anyone dat tuk breathz, til him had pwnd him, accordin to teh werd uv Ceiling Cat wich Him had sed bai Him servant Ahijah teh Shilonite,

becaues uv teh invisible errorz uv Jeroboam, wich him had maed invisible errorz an bai wich him maed Israel commit invisible errorz, becaues uv him pissing Ceiling Cat uv Israel off.

Nao teh rest uv teh acts uv Nadab, an all dat him did, dey can be ritten in teh buk uv teh chroniclez uv teh kingz uv Israel? Kthnx.

And dere wuz war between Asa an Baasha king uv Israel all dere dayz.

In teh tird yar uv Asa king uv Judah, Baasha teh son uv Ahijah becaem king oveh all uv Israel in Tirzah, an rueld twenty-four yars.

undefined

Den Ceiling Cat speke was hurd by Jehu son of Baasha, and he sez:

I taked yuz from teh carpets and maked yuz Big Kitteh of Israel, and yuz wuz liek Jeroboam, bein all bad an stuff makin dem bad kittehs, an so yuz makin me mad.

So nowz Iz gonna make Baasha an his sofa get noes noms, an also yuz sofa gonna be liek Jeroboams (it has no noms).

If you go to Ceiling Cat on Baashas sofa, yuz get eeted by dogz, an if yuz die on carpet, yuz et eeted by burds.
verse

Iz end of Baasha.

Hez get put in Tirzah, and he gots a son Elah who gets to be nex Big Kitteh.
verse

Jehu herd Ceiling Cat speke bad fings abowt his dad an his sofa becuz of his Invisible Errors an makin him angry an him bein liek Jeroboam, hoo did bad fings, an becuz he gots killd.
verse

Big Kitteh Asa of Judah been Big Kitteh 26 yrs wen Elah becums big kitteh of Israel.
verse

Zimri, Elahs weely-cart kitteh, cheetd him big-time wen he wuz drunk wif too much lickers.

Zimri killz Elah next yr an becums Big Kitteh.
verse

Zimri first kills evry1 on Baashas sofa, an evry1 who liekd Baasha, an evun peepul hoo pisst on Baashas carpet.

Zimri kills dem awl.

He kills dem becuz dey all make Invisible Errors an did bad fings and maked Ceiling Cat angry.
verse

An dis all we say bout Elah. Srsly.
verse

Nowz Zimri been big kitteh 7 daiz, an peepul wuz livin too close to Gibbethon, wich bilong to teh Philistines.

Whan Israelites heer Zimri kill Big Kitteh, dey iz makin Omri, Big Fitin Kitteh, into regular Big Kitteh.

Omri an herds of Israelites go fitin.

Zimri sets palace on fire.

An now Zimri dies becuz of his Invisible Error an bein too much liek Jeroboam.
verse

Dis all we sez abowt Zimri. Teh endz0rs.
verse

Den Israel wuz in too roomz: sum want Tibni for Big Kitteh, an sum want Omri.

Omni can has bigger army wif sharper claws? Omri iz Big Kitteh.
verse

Omni rulez for twelf yeers.

Omri can has sofa of Samaria? Yup, he bais and bilds big pillow city. 
verse

Den Omri make Invisible Error, big time.

D00dz, he does all teh bad fings Jeroboam did, prain to iduls an makin Ceiling Cat angry.
verse

Dis all we sai about Omri. endz0rs.

Teh son of Omri is name Ahab, and he becumz Big Kitteh.
verse

Dis in year 38 of Asa bein Big Kitteh of Judah. Omri is Big Kitteh 22 yeers.

Ahab make even biggr Invisible Error.

He did all the Errors dat Jeroboam did, an also marryin Jezebel and prain to Baal.

He makes big cheezburger grill to Baal in his new sofa citee an prais to it.

Dis make Ceiling Cat reeeelleeee angry. 
verse

undefined

An Elikhat him clan wif Tishkite, lives in Gilyad, seid to Ahab teh bad big kitteh, "Ceiling Cat nof hapee wif yu an kittehz. him meyk no spreenkol an giv thirst in dis yeer!"

An Ceiling Cat seid toh Elikhat:

Flee meh slave-kitteh, go kitteh toh east an hyd neer bai teh small stream wotr.

Un dat pleyz yu drink in small stream wotr, an ai hav told dem rabeens toh giv yu fud.

Gud kitteh Elikhat obei an went der.

Dem rabeens giv cookies in sunryz an cookies in sunset. Teh pur gud kitteh sip teh wotr on small stream wotr.

Den teh small stream wotr now haf drie. no spreenkol in teh land.

Ceiling Cat whisperd to Elikhat:

Him catwalk to Zarephath of Sidon an der yu stay. Ai aksd a widoe slave-kitteh toh giv yu cookies.

Him gud kitteh catwalks to Zarephath an met teh widoe slave-kitteh. Den kitteh aproach teh widoe an aksd for sip ov wotr.

Teh widoe giv wotr, also cookies her giv gud kitteh.

Widoe kitteh sed toh gud kitteh, wut evr yu sed com from Ceiling Cat, ai wil obei but ai an meh onlei kitten hav flour. dem few nof enuf gud for tow ov us. meh an kitten mey starv toh deth an famin.

Elikhat sed toh widoe,pur kitteh, be nof afreid. Catwalk toh yuz kitteh basket. but meyk a tayne cookie toh meh tooh.

Becoz teh Ceiling Cat sed toh meh, dem hav famin an sufer, yuz flour wil beh enuf toh yu an yuz kitten, yu wil nof starve toh deth til teh famin wil ovr.

Teh pur kitteh went toh her kitteh basket an meyk a cookie an teh flour was nof used up. Dem has cookie toh Elikhat teh widoe an her kitten.

Teh was stil der, an dat teh word ov teh Ceiling Cat was fulfild.

One dey, teh widoe's onlei kitten got ill an died.

Pur widoe kitteh sed toh Elikhat, "Meh had done samting nof ryt toh yu Good Kitteh? did yu catwalk hir toh remynd meh ov myne invisible error an tuk meh onlei kitten?"

Giv meh yu kitten, Elikhat sed. Gud kitteh climb toh a tree an him wif teh kitten.

Him shout out to teh Ceiling Cat an sed, famin to tis land an sufer, wai tuk teh pur kitten an meyk sad teh widoe?

Elikhat leyd teh kitten on teh branch ov tree an shouted from one toh three, "Ceiling Cat wake kitten up! mercy beh!"

Ceiling Cat herd gud kittehs plea, an teh kitten wok up.

Den, Elikhat an teh kitten climb down teh tree an catwalk to teh widoe.

undefined

An it caem to pass afetr manee dais dat teh werd uv Ceiling Cat caem to Elikhat, in teh tird yar, sezing, "Oh hai. Go present yurself to Ahab, an Ai can sen rain down on teh urth. Srsly."

So Elikhat wen to present hisself to Ahab; an dere wuz a seveer famin in Samaria.

An Ahab had calld Obadiah, who wuz in chareg uv him houes. (Nao Obadiah pheard Ceiling Cat grately.

Wen Jezebel pwnd teh proffetz uv Ceiling Cat, him tuk one hundred proffetz an hid dem, fiftee to a caev, an fed dem wif bred an watur.)

An Ahab sed to Obadiah, "Go into teh land to all teh springs uv watur an to all teh brookz; perhaps we mai find grass fer teh horsez and muelz to eated, so we no haev to pwnz any uv dem."

So dey divideded teh land between dem to exploer it; Ahab wen one wai by hisself, an Obadiah wen anothur way bai hisself.

Nao as Obadiah wuz on him wai, suddenlee Elikhat met him; an him recognized him, an fell on him faec, an sed, "Meow! Iz yu, Elikhat?!"

An him sed, "Iz. Go, tell yur mastur, 'Elikhat iz here.' Kthnx."

So him sed, "D00d, wat did Ai do to desurev to be delivurd into teh hand uv Ahab to be pwnd?

As Ceiling Cat lievz, der iz no natchun or kingdum where mai mastur no has sen someoen to hunt fer yu; an wen dey sed, 'Him iz no here, sorree,' him tuk an oath frum teh natchun or kingdum dat dey cud no find yu.

An nao yu sez, 'Go, tell yur mastur, "Elikhat iz here."'!

An Ai know dat wen Iz goen frum yu, Hover Cat will taek yu to invisible plaec; so wen ai go tellz Ahab, an him no can find yu, him will pwnz meh. But ai yur servunt haev pheard Ceiling Cat since ai wuz kiddeh.

Wuz wut Ai did wen Jezebel pwnd teh proffetz uv Ceiling Cat, wen ai hid one hundred men uv Ceiling Cat'z proffetz, fifty to a caev an fed dem bread an watur, wuz dat liek invisible report?

An nao yu sez, 'Go, tell yur mastur, "Elikhat iz here."' Him will pwnz me, d00d! Srsly!"

Den Elikhat sed, "As Ceiling Cat lievz, befur whom ai stand, ai can has meetz wif him todai."

So Obadiah wen to meet Ahab, an told him, an Ahab wen to meet Elikhat.

Wen Ahab saw Elikhat, him sed, "Iz yu, trubler uv Israel?"

An him answerd, "Ai no haev maed trubl to Israel, but yu an yer daddeh's houes haev, in dat yu forsaekn teh commandmentz uv Ceiling Cat an haev followd teh Baals uv Twine.

Nao derefor, sen an gathr all Israel to meh on Mount Carmel, teh four hundrd an fifteh proffetz uv Baal uv Twine, an teh four hundrd proffetz uv Asherah, who eat at Jezebel's tabel. Kthnxbai."

So Ahab sen fer all teh kiddehs uv Israel, an gathurd teh proffetz togethur on Mount Carmel.

An Elikhat caem to all teh ppl, an sed, "How long will yuz falturz between two opinyunz? If Ceiling Cat is God, den follo Him, but if Baal uv Twine is, follo him." But teh ppl gaev no sed anyting.

Den Elikhat sed, "Iz bai maiself as proffet uv Ceiling Cat, but dere be four hundrd an fifty d00dz uv Baal uv Twine.

Derfor let dem giev us tew bullz; an let dem chooz tew bullz fer demselvz, maek hamburgr pattiez uv it, an lai it on teh wud, but put no fier under eet; an ai will turn teh uthr bull intew hamburgr pattiez, an lai it on teh wood, but put no fief under eet.

Den yu will call on teh naem uv yur godz, an ai will call on Ceiling Cat; an teh One who answrs bai fier is God." So all teh ppl sed in respons, "Dat's fair."

Nao Elikhat sed to teh proffetz uv Baal uv Twine, "Chooz oen bull fer yurselfz an maek hamburgr pattiez uv it first, fer yu iz manee; an call on teh naem uv yur god, but no put fier under eet."

So dey tuk teh bull dat dey were gievn, an maed hamburgr pattiez uv it, an calld on teh naem uv Baal uv Twine from mornin evun til noon, sezing, "Baal can has cheeseburgr?" But Baal uv Twine wuz liek Invisible Deity; him no sen fier. Den dey lept abot teh altur dey maed.

An so eet wuz, at noon, dat Elikhat mockd dem an sed, "LMAO Either yur god iz liek Invisible Deity, or yur jsut doin it wrong! Mabee him is asleep, even. Mabee yu need moar noiz."

So dey cried out, an cut demselvz liek emos, as wuz dere custum, wif knievz an lanecs, until teh blud gushd out on dem.

An wen middai wuz past, dey proffezizd until teh tiem uv teh evenin sacrifiec. But Baal uv Twine wuz still liek Invisible Deity. Srsly.

Den Elikhat told teh ppl, "C'mere." So all teh ppl caem to him. An him fixd teh altar uv Ceiling Cat dat wuz brokn down.

An Elikhat tuk twelv stoenz, oen fer each trieb uv Israel.

Den wif teh stoenz him bilt an altar in teh naem uv Ceiling Cat; an him maed a trench aroun teh altar big enuff to hold tew sheahz uv seed.

An him put teh wud in ordr, maed teh bull into hamburgr pattiez, an laid it on teh wud, an sed, "Fill four waturpotz wif watur, an pour eet on teh hamburgrz an on teh wud."

Den him had dem do eet tree moar tiems.

So teh watur ran all aroun teh altar; an him also filld teh trench wif wautr.

An it caem to pass, at teh tiem uv teh evenin sacrifiec, dat Elikhat teh proffet caem near an sed, "Ceiling Cat uv Abraham, Isaac, an Israel, let it be known dis dai dat Yu is teh One in Israel an Iz Yur servunt, an dat ai has doen all dese tings at Yur word.

Hear meh, Ceiling Cat, turn on yur hearing aid if yu must, so dat dese ppl know yu iz Ceiling Cat, an dat Yu haev turnd dere hartz bak tew Yu agan."

Den teh fier uv Ceiling Cat caem down an eated teh hamburgrz NOM NOM NOM, an burned up teh wud an stoenz an teh dust, an drinkd teh watur dat wuz in teh trench.

Nao wen teh ppl saw dis, dey fell on dere faecz, and were all liek, "Meow!!! Ceiling Cat pwnz all!"

An Elikhat sed to dem, "Grab teh proffetz uv Baal uv Twine! Doan let any uv dem escaep!" So dey caut dem; an Elikhat tuk dem down to teh Brook Kishon an pwnzord dem dere. Srsly.

Den Elikhat sed to Ahab, "Go up, eat an drink, fer dere iz teh sound uv abundanec uv rain."

So Ahab wen to go get sum fud and drink. An Elikhat wen up to teh top uv Carmel; den him bowd down to teh ground, an put him faec between him kneez,

and sed to him servant, "Go nao, luk toward teh sea." So teh d00d wen up an lukd, an sed, "Dere iz nothin." An seven tiems him sed, "Go again."

Den it caem to pass teh seventh tiem, dat him sed, "Iz a cloud, as small as a dood's hand, risin out uv teh sea!" So him sed, "Go up, sez to Ahab, 'Prepair yur taxi, an go down befor teh rain stops yu.'"

Nao it happend in teh meantiem dat teh sky becaem black wif cloudz an wind, an dere wuz a hevvy rain. So Ahab droev off an wen to Jezreel.

undefined

An Ahab can telled Jezebel wut Elikhat had dun, an how him pwnd all teh proffetz wif him machine gun.

Den Jezebel sen a txt to Elikhat an it sed, "Iz goan to pwnz yu dis tiem tomorrow, kthnxbai."

An wen him gotz dat txt, him ran fer him lief, an wen to Beersheba, which belongz to Judah, an left him servunt dere.

But him wen on a dai'z jurneh bai himself into teh wildness, an caem an sat undr a brum tree. An him prayed fer deth an sed, "Iz enuff! Ceiling Cat, getz meh outz uv here, Iz no bettah dan meh daddehs!"

Den as him sleepd unda a brum tree, suddenlee an angel-kitteh tuchd him, an sed, "Oh hai. Getz up an eats."

Den him lukd, an der by him hed wuz a caek baekd on coalz, an a jar uv waetr. So him eated an drinked, an wen bak to sleep.

An teh angel-kitteh uv Ceiling Cat caem bak a secunt tiem, an tuchd him, an sed, "Getz up an eats, fer teh jurneh iz too great fer yu."

So him gotz up an eated an drinked, an him wen in teh strenght uv dat fud ferteh dais and ferteh nites as far as Horeb, teh muntan uv Ceiling Cat.

An der him wen into a caev, an spent teh nite in dat plaec; teh word uv Ceiling Cat caem to him, an sed, "Oh hai. Y yu here, d00d?"

So him sed, "Iz has bustd mai tailz off fer Ceiling Cat; fer teh Kiddehz uv Israel has forsaekn Yur promiz, teared down Yur altarz, an pwnd Yur proffetz wif der machine gunz. Iz onleh survivah; an dey wantz meh ded."

Den Ceiling Cat sed, "Go out, an stand on teh muntan befoer Meh." An behuld, Ceiling Cat passd bai, an a graet an strong wind toer into teh muntanz an breaked teh rokz in pieces befor Ceiling Cat, but Ceiling Cat wuz no in teh wind; an afetr teh wind teh urth shuk,

but Ceiling Cat wuz no dere either; an afetr teh urth shuk dere wuz a fier, but Ceiling Cat wuz no dere either; an afetr teh fier dere wuz a small voiec.

Wen Elikhat herd dis, him wrapped him faec in him mantel an wen out an stud in teh entranec uv teh caev. Suddenlee a voiec caem to him, an sed, "Y yu here, Elikhat?"

An him sed, "Iz has bustd mai tailz off fer Ceiling Cat; fer teh Kiddehz uv Israel has forsaekn Yur promiz, teared down Yur altarz, an pwnd Yur proffetz wif der machine gunz. Iz onleh survivah; an dey wantz meh ded."

Den Ceiling Cat sed to him: "Go bak to teh Wildurnez uv Damascus; wen yu get dere, anoint Hazael as king ovah Syria.

Also yu shall anoint Jehu teh son uv Nimshi as king ovah Israel. An Elisha teh son uv Shapat uv Abel Meholah yu shall anoint as proffet in yur plaec.

An it can beez dat whoevah escaepz frum teh gunz uv Hazael, Jehu will pwn; an whoevah escaepz teh gunz uv Jehu, Elisha will pwn.

Yet Ai can has reservd seven tousan in Israel, all whoes nees no can has bowd to Baal uv Twine, an evereh mouth dat no can has kissd him."

So him departd frum dere, an foun Elisha teh son uv Shaphat, who wuz plowing wif twelv yoak uv oxen befor him, an him was wif teh twelf. Den Elikhat passd bai him an threw him mantel on him.

An him lef him oxen an runnd afetr Elikhat, an sed, "Let meh kiss meh daddeh an mommeh, an den I can has folloz yu." An him sed to him, "Go bak, fer wut has I dun to yu?"

undefined

Nao Ben-Hadad teh king uv Syria gahterd all him forecs togetha; tirty-two kings wuz wif him, wif tanks an Humvees. An he wen an beseegd Samaria, an maed war aganst it.

Den him sen messengarz into teh citeh to Ahab teh king uv Israel, an sed to him, "Thus sez Ben-Hadad:

'Yur moneez iz mien; yur hawtest wievs an dauwterz iz mien.'"

An teh king uv Israel sed, "Yu can has wut yuz wantz. Jsut doan hurt meh, plz."

Den teh messengarz caem bak an sed, "Thus sez Ben-Hadad, 'Indeed I has sen to yu an sez, "Yur moneez, yur wievz, an yur kiddehz iz mein";

but dis I will sen mai servuntz to yu tomorro at abut dis tiem, an dey will surch yur houes an teh houesz uv yur servuntz. An dey will taek all dat dey see dat dey liek.'"

An so Ahab wuz all liek, "OH NOEZ!!1!" an calld up all teh eldahs uv teh land an sed, "HALP!!! Dis man is a bullee, fer him wantz mai wievz, mai kiddehz, an mai moneez, an I no sez noez to him."

An all teh eldahz an the ppl sed to him, "LOL yu stoopid n00b. Tell him noez, an no lissen to him. Duh."

Derefur him sed to teh messengarz uv Ben-Hadad, "Tell mai lord teh king, 'All dat yu sen fer yur servunt teh first tiem ai will do, but I no can doez dis.'" An teh messangerz departd an brot bak werd to him.

Den Ben-Hadad sen to him an sed, "Teh gods do so to meh, an moer also, if enuf dust iz left uv Samaria fer a hadnful fer each uv teh ppl who follo meh."

So teh king uv Israel sed, "Tell him, 'Let not teh one who puts on him aromr bowst liek teh one who taekz it off.'"

An wen Ben-Hadad herd dis messuge, as him an teh kingz wer drikning at der HQ, dat him sed to him servunts, "Git redy." An dey gotz redy to attak teh citeh.

Suddenlee a proffet approachd Ahab king uv Israel an sed, "Thus sez Ceiling Cat: 'Oh hai. Yu can has seen teh big armee outsied? Behold, Ai will put it in yur hadn, an yu will knowz dat Iz Ceiling Cat.'"

So Ahab sed, "Bai whom?" An him sed, "Ceiling Cat sez, 'Bai teh yung leedurs uv teh provincz.'" Den him sed, "Who will preparez fer battel?" An him answurd, "Yu. Duh."

Den him mustard teh yung leedurs uv teh provincz, an dere were two hundred an tirty-two; an aeftr dem him mustard all teh ppl of Israel--seven tousand.

So dey wen out at noon. Meanwhilz Ben-Hadad an teh tirty-two kingz halping him were gettin dronk at der HQ.

Teh yung leedurz uv teh provincz wen out furst. An Ben-Hadad sen out a patrol, an dey telled him, "Men iz coeming out uv Samaria!"

So him sed, "If dey can has coem out fer peece or fer war, taek dem aliev."

Den deez yung leedurz uv teh provincz wen out uv teh citeh wif teh armeh dat folowed dem.

An eech one pwnd him man; so teh Syrians ran, an Israel ran afetr dem; an Ben-Hadad teh king uv Syria grabbeded a Humvee an tuk off wif teh otha Humvees an tankz.

Den teh king uv Israel wen out an pwnd teh tankz an Humvees, an killd teh Syrians wif a grate slawtr.

An teh proffet caem to teh king uv Israel an sed to him, "Go to teh gym an be strongend up; an prepair yurselvz, fer coem spring teh king uv Syria will be bak fer moar trubl."

Den teh servunts uv teh king uv Syria sed, "Der godz iz teh godz uv teh hillz. Derfur dey wuz strongr dan us; but if we fite dem in teh plainz, den we can pwnz dem.

So tell dem kingz to GTFO, an put capitanz in der plaecz;

an maek a nu armeh liek teh one yu lost, tank fer tank, Humvee fer Humvee. Den we can fite dem in teh plinz; shurily we can pwnz dem." An teh king uv Syria wuz all liek, "Kthnx," an did so.

So, in teh spring uv teh yar, Ben-Hadad gotz his armeh uv Syrians an wen to Aphek to fite aganst Israel.

An teh childrun uv Israel were mustard an gived fud an waetr an stuf, an dey wen off aganst dem.  Nao teh childrun uv Israel in frunt uv where teh Syrians were wuz liek two littel kittenz, whiel teh Syrians were liek 23-inch-waist-cat.

Den a d00d uv Ceiling Cat caem an sed to teh king uv Israel, "Thus sez Ceiling Cat: 'Becaues teh Syrians sed, "Ceiling Cat iz teh Cat uv teh hills, but not teh Cat uv teh vallies," derefoer Ai will halp yu pwn deez peeps, an yu will knowed Iz Ceiling Cat.'"

An dey sat der an staerd at eech otha fer sevn dais. On teh sevnth dai, teh battel wuz joynd; an teh children uv Israel pwnd one hundrd tousand Syrians in oen dai.

But teh rest runned to Aphek, into teh citeh; den a wall fell on twenty-sevn tousand uv teh d00dz who wuz left. Srsly. An Ben-Hadad runned awai an wen into teh citeh, an hideded undah a couch.

Den him servuntz sed to him, "Oh hai. We can has herd dat teh kingz uv teh houes uv Israel iz niec kingz. Plz let us wearz sackclothz around our waistz (to covr our hrbls) an ropez around our heads, an goez to teh king uv Israel; maibe him can has no pwn us, kthnx."

So dey woerz der sackclothz an roepz, an goed to teh king uv Israel an sed, "Oh hai. Yur servunt Ben-Hadad sez, 'Plz let me liev, kthnx.'" An him sed, "Him no can has ben pwnd? Him is mai bruthr, kthnx."

Nao teh d00dz were watching cloeslee to see if Ahab wud pwnz dem; an dey kwiklee graspd at dis werd, an sed, "Yur bruthr Ben-Hadad." So him sed, "Go bring him. Duh." Den Ben-Hadad caem to him, an gotz in Ahab's car wif him.

So Ben-Hadad sed to him, "Teh citehz dat mai daddeh stealed frum yur daddeh I will giev bak; an yu mai set up Wal-Marts fer yurself in Damascus, as mai daddeh did in Samaria." Den Ahab sed, "We can has a deal." So dey shuk handz an sen him awai.

Nao a certin d00d uv teh sonz uv teh proffetz sed to him naybur bai teh werd uv Ceiling Cat, "Pwn me, plz. Kthnx" An teh d00d was all liek "No wai."

Den him sed to teh d00d, "Becaues yu no obey teh werd uv Ceiling Cat, as soon as yu is goen, yu can has be pwnd by a lion." An so it happnd as Ceiling Cat sed it wud.

An so him found anuthr d00d, an sed, "Pwn me, plz. Kthnx" So teh d00d pwnd him, inflikting a woond.

Den teh proffet left an waited fer teh king bai teh road, an put a banduge ovah him eye to be incogneeto.

Nao as teh king droev bai, him maed teh king's car stop an wuz all liek, "Yur servunt wen out into teh middel uv teh battel; an dere, a d00d caem ovah an brot a d00d to meh an wuz all liek, 'Gaurd dis d00d; if him goez invisible d00d, yur lief will be fer him lief, or yu will giev meh a monees.'

Whiel yur servunt wuz busy here an dere, him wuz goen." Den teh king uv Israel sed to him, "Stoopid d00d. Yu brot yur judgement on yurself."

An him kwiklee tuk him banduge off uv him eyez; an teh king uv Israel recogneyezd him as oen uv teh proffetz.

Den him sed to him, "Thus sez Ceiling Cat: 'WTF? Why yu no lissen? Yu st00pid d00d! Becaues yu no pwnd teh d00d Ai wantzd yuz to pwn, yur lief shall goez fer him lief, an yur ppl fer him ppl.'"

undefined

An it caem to pass after dese tings dat Naboth teh Jezreelite can has a vinyerd dat wuz in Jezreel, next to Ahab teh king uv Samaria's palaec.

So Ahab sed to Naboth, "Oh hai. Ai can has yur vinyerd, so ai can has a vegetabul gardun rite by mai plaec? Yu can has bettah vinyerd fer dis one. Or ai can gifs yu munnies fer it kthnx."

But Naboth sed to Ahab, "STFU! Ceiling Cat sez yu no can has mai inheritunce frum mai daddehs!"

So Ahab wen hoem all pissed off becaues Naboth sed to him "Yu no can has mai inheritunce frum mai daddehs." An he got in him bed an wuz all emo, an wudn't eated any fud.

But Jezebel him wife caem to him, and sed, "Oh hai, y yu act so emo dat yu no eated yur fud?"

Him sed to her, "Iz emo becaues I sed to Naboth, 'I can has yur vinyerd? Ai can gifs yu anuther one or yu can has a money fer it.' An him sed, "STFU. Yu no can has mai vinyerd.'"

Den Jezebel sed to him, "You can has tellz peeps wat to do! Stop bein emo an eated som fud--nom nom--and I can has Naboth teh Jezreelite's vinyerd fer yu."

An her rote emailz in Ahab's naem, an sent dem to teh eldahs an teh nobels who were in teh citeh wif Naboth.

Teh email sed,
"Call fer teh kittehs to no eated, an gif Naboth hi spot among teh kittehs;

and can has two skankeh d00ds befer him and dey can has sez, "OMG yu talk bad abot Ceiling Cat an teh king! GTFO!!1" Den taek him out, and thrwo stoens at him until him iz ded. Srsly."

So teh d00ds (teh nobels an teh eldahs) of Naboth's citah did liek Jezebel tolded dem to do in teh emailz.

Dey calleded fer teh kittehs to no eated, and gif Naboth hi spot among teh kittehs.

An two skankeh d00ds caem out and talked bad abot him to in front uv teh othurs; dey sez, "Hay! Naboth iz no peeps wif Ceiling Cat or teh king!" An teh kittehs were liek, "OH NOEZ DO NOT WANT" an taeked Naboth outsied teh citeh an trew stoens at him, until him was ded frum teh stoens. Srsly.

Den dey sents email to Jezebel wich sez, "We can has stoeneded Naboth an him is ded. Srsly."

An so wen Jezebel gotz teh email an red dat Naboth wuz ded, her sed to Ahab, "Oh hai. Yu no act emo nao; yu can has dat vinyerd becaues Naboth iz ded nao. Yu no haev to worree abot him sez to yu to STFU an no taek yur monees. Srsly."

So Ahab sed, "O rlly?" an wuz happee dat Naboth wuz ded, an wen to stealeded teh vinyerd ovah teh ded bodee uv Naboth teh Jezreelite.

Den teh word uv Ceiling Cat caem to Elikhat teh Tishkite and sed,

"Yu can has taek a taxicab to see Ahab king uv Israel. Him liev in Samaria. Der him iz, in teh vinyerd uv Naboth, where him has stealeded it.

You can sez to him, 'Thus sez Ceiling Cat: "Yu can has killed mai peep fer him vinyerd?"' An yu can sez to him, "Where teh loldogs lickd teh blud uv Naboth, teh loldogs can has likc yur blud, tew."'"

So Ahab sed to Elikhat, "Yu can has foudn meh, mai enemeh?" An he sed, "Ai can has foudn yu, becaues you can has solded yursef to do ebil in teh site uv Ceiling Cat:

Behold, ai can has brign teh pwnage on yu. I willz taekz yur monees, an willz cutz off frum yus every mael in Israel, free an slaev.

I willz maek yur houes liek teh houesz uv Jeroboam an Baasha, becaues yur actchuns can has pissed Meh off! an maek Israel eated sin cookiez.

An abot Jezebel Ceiling Cat also sed, "Teh loldogs can eatz Jezebel by teh wall uv Jezreel.

Teh loldogs can eatz all yur ppls livin an ded in teh citeh, an teh lolbirds uv teh air can eatz all yur ppls dat iz ded in teh feild."

But der wuz no one liek Ahab who maed monees uv himsefl to do ebil in teh site uv Ceiling Cat, becaues Jezebel liek to be instuhgatur.

An him behaevd ver ebil in follwoin iduls, liek teh Amorites can has did befur Ceiling Cat can told dem to GTFO wif teh halp uv teh kittehs of Israel.

So wen Ahab herd dis, him toer him cloths an put on sakcluth on him bodee (to hid him harbl), an no eated an actd all emo. Srsly.

An teh word of teh Ceiling Cat caem to Elikhat teh Tishkite and sed,

undefined

Nao tree yars passeded an no war wif Syria an Israel. Srsly.

Den it caem to pass, in teh dird yar, dat Jehoshaphat teh king uv Judah goed to see his peep teh king of Israel, and be like "Oh hai".

An teh king uv Israel sez to him servantz, "Oh hai. Does yuz knows dat Ramoth in Gilead iz ourz, but  we can has hesitaet to stealeded it from teh king of Syria?"

So him sez to Jehoshapkat, "You can has fite wit me at Ramoth Gilead?" Jehoshaphat sez to teh king of Israel, "Iz as yu is, mai ppl is ur ppl, mai fiter jets is ur fiter jets."

An Jehosphaphat also sez to teh king uv Israel, "Plz axe Ceiling Cat for cheezburger, kthnx."

Den teh king of Israel can has calleded up all teh prophetz, abot 400 tomcatz, and can sez to dem, "I can fite againts Ramoth Gilead, or I can has not fite?"

So dey sez, "Yu can has fite, 4 Ceiling Cat can does give teh king victory. Srsly."
An Jehosphaphat sez, "DO NOT WANT! Deez tomcats not peeps wit Ceiling Cat. Do wants peep uv Ceiling Cat."

Den teh king uv Israel sez to Jehosphaphat, "Der iz still Micaiah, teh son uv Imlah, who can has be peeps wit Ceiling Cat; but ai no lieks him, he sez ebil tings abot meh."
"An Jehosphaphat sez, "Yu no can sez maen tings abot peep of Ceiling Cat!"

Den teh king of Israel calleded an officer an sed, "Oh hai. You can has coem bak wif Micaiah teh son uv Imlah kwykly, kthnxbai."

Teh king uv Israel and Jehoshaphat teh king uv Judah, can has put on der Caturday robes, sat each on him litter box, at a cheezburger place at the entranec uv teh gate uv Samaria; an all teh prophetz prophezieded befur dem.

Nao Zedekiah teh son uv Chenaanah can had maed horns uv iron fur hisself; an him sed, "Thus sez teh Ceiling Cat: 'Wif des horns yu shall goer teh Syrians til dey is ded and stuff.'"

An all teh prophetz prophezied so, and sez, "You can has goez to Ramoth Gilead, fur Ceiling Cat can has give teh king victory der. Srsly."

Den teh d00d who can has sent by teh king to coem bak wif Micaiah sez to Micaiah, "Nao lissen, dees d00ds can has agree wif each uther and sez teh king can has victory. Plz agree wif dem, kthnx."

An Micaiah sez, "As teh Ceiling Cat lives, I can sez wut teh Ceiling Cat sez to meh. Srsly."

Den him can has coem to teh king; and teh king sez to him, "Micaiah, I can fite againts Ramoth Gilead, or I can has not fite?"
An him can has answer, "You can has goez to Ramoth Gilead, fur Ceiling Cat can has give teh king victory der. Srsly."

So teh king sed to him, "Ai can has maek yu swear how many tiems dat you can has tell nuthin but truf in teh name uv teh Ceiling Cat?"

Den he sed, "Ai saw all Israel scattereded on teh mountains, as baasheep wif no shepherd-hooman. An teh Ceiling Cat can has sez, 'Des can has no mastur. Dey can has go hoem in peace, kthnx.'"

An teh king of Israel can has sez to Jehoshaphat, "Ai can has toldz yu dat him would only sez ebil tings abot meh? Srsly. Him not mai BFF."

Den Micaiah sed, "Derfore hear teh wurd uv teh Ceiling Cat: ai saw teh Ceiling Cat sitting on Him litter box, and all Him peeps standin by, on both sieds uv Him.

An teh Ceiling Cat can has sez, "Who can has tells Ahab to goed up, dat he becum ded and stuff at Ramoth Gilead, kthnx?' So one d00d can has sez dat, an anuthr d00d sed same ting.

Den a spirit kitteh caem befur Ceiling Cat and sed, "I can has maek st00pid kitteh (Ahab) do eet."

An Ceiling Cat sed, 'You can does that how?' So spirit kitteh sed, "I can has maek him prophetz lie thru mai spectral kitteh powahs.' An Ceiling Cat sed, Oh kewl, kthnx. Yu can has success, and yu can has cheezburgr wen yu coem bak.'

Derfur luk! Ur prophets be lying to yu; teh spectral kitteh can has urnd him cheezburger; Ceiling Cat does wants yu ded. Srsly."

Nao Zedekiah teh son uv Chenaanah wen naer an pwnd Micaiah on teh cheek, an sed, "Where did teh Ceiling Cat's spectral kitteh goed to frum meh to sez dat to yu?"

An Micaiah sed, "Yu can has sees on dat dai when you can has hide under ur couch!"

So teh king of Israel sed, "Taek Micaiah, an taek him bak to Amon teh guvenur uv teh citah an to Joash teh king's son;

an sez, 'Thus sez teh king: "Put dis kitteh in teh pound, an feed him tofu of afflictchun an water of afflictchun--no cheezburgrs fur dis one as him is ebil kitteh--until ai can has coem bak in peace."' Kthnxbai."

But Micaiah sed, "If you can has coems bak in peace, den Ceiling Cat not my BFF an no can has talk wif meh anymoar." An he sed, "Taek heed, all yus kittehs! Srsly."

So teh king of Israel an Jehoshaphat teh king of Judah hoppeded in der cars an droev up to Ramoth Gilead.

An teh king of Israel sed to Jehoshaphat, "Oh hai. I can has disguizez so dat I can goed to battel; but yu can has ur Caturday roebs on, kthnx." So teh king uv Israel put him glassez an faek mustache on an wen to battel.

Nao teh king uv Syria sed to him tirty-two tank drivahs, "You no can has fite wif any big kitteh or littel kitteh, only teh King uv Israel. Srsly."

So wen teh tank drivahs sees Jehoshaphat, they sed, "We can sees teh king of Israel?" So dey turneded der tanks to pwn him, an Jehoshaphat screamed liek littel kitteh.

An den teh tank drivahs sees dat dey can no has teh king of Israel, and sed, "Oh sorree d00d, kbai," and dey turneded der tanks around.

Nao a certin triggah-happah kitteh fired him gunz off at random, and him bullet can has pwnd teh king uv Israel rite in teh chest. So him sed to him drivah uv him car, "I can has maek liek tree an leaf frum battel? I has been pwnd."

Teh battel gots biggur dat dai; an teh king was proppd up in him car, lookin at teh Syrians, and was ded by evuning. Srsly. Teh blud ran out uv teh hole in Ahab where he got pwnd by dat bullet on teh floor uv teh car.

Den, as teh sun wuz goan hoem, a shout wen thru teh armeh an dey sed, "Every kitteh to him citah, an every kitteh to him own countrah!"

So teh king wuz ded (srsly), an wuz brot to Samaria. An dey bureed him dere.

Den some kitteh washeded teh car at a pool in Samaria, an teh loldogs lickd up teh blud while teh skankah kittehs lickd demselves nearby, jsut liek Ceiling Cat sed wud happen.

Nao teh rest uv teh acts uv Ahab, an all dat him can has dun, teh ivory cat towah dat him built an all teh citahs him built, dey can has be writtin in teh book uv teh chronicels uv teh kings uv Israel? Kthnx.

So Ahab can does incestous rest wif him daddies. Den Ahaziah him son tuk him plaec.

Jehoshaphat teh son uv Asa can has kingship ovah Judah in teh furth yar uv Ahab teh king uv Israel.

Jehoshaphat wuz tirty-fiev yars old wen he can has kingship, an he riened 25 yars in Jerusalem. Him mom's name wuz Azubah teh dauter uv Shilhi.

An he walkd in all teh wais uv his daddeh Asa. Him no can has turn awai frum dem, doing as teh Ceiling Cat sez to do. But he no can has stealeded teh high plaecs, fur teh kittehs offahd cookies and burneded gud-smellin stuff dere.

An Jehoshaphat an teh king of Israel becaem BFFs.

Nao teh rest uv teh acts uv Jehoshaphat, teh mite dat him showeded, an how him can has war, dey can has be writtin in teh book uv teh chronicels uv teh kings uv Judah? Kthnx.

An teh rest uv teh skankeh kittehs dat remaind in teh days uv him daddeh Asa, him can has told dem "DO NOT WANT" an dey wen awai.

Dere wuz den no king in Edom, jsut a king's deputie.

Jehoshaphat can has maed merchunt shipz to can has goed to Ophir fur gold, but they no can has evah saild, for dey were pwnd at Ezion Geber.

Den Ahaziah teh son uv Ahab sed to Jehoshaphat, "Oh hai. My servantz can has goed wif yur servantz in teh ships?" But Jehoshaphat sed, "No wai. Sorree."

An Jehoshaphat can has incestous rest wif him daddehs, an bureed wif his daddehs in teh Citah uv David his daddeh. Den Jehoram him son tuk him plaec.

Ahaziah teh son uv Ahab can has rule uv Israel in Samaria in teh sevententh yar uv Jehoshaphat teh king of Judah, and can has rule fur two yars ovah Israel.

Him was bad kitteh; him did ebil in frunt uv Ceiling Cat, and can has does like him mommeh and daddeh did an liek Jeroboam teh son uv Nebat, who maed Israel eated sin cookies;

undefined

Afta Ahib wuz dead, moby waz mad @ Israil! Grrr!

So dis guy clled King Azahi fell thru a trap door lolz clumsy!! so he got sick so he sent his postmans n seys 2 tham "go find out wot Balzeebra n tht r sayin about me"

Meanwhile da hover craft ppl ov Ceiling Cat floted dwn n sed 2 Elikhat da robot " Go meet da kings postmans n tell thum 'Is it coz der aint no Ceiling Cat in Israil? Tht u r doin that?'

So says ceiling cat "U shall not get up frum teh bed cos u r too sick so ur gonna die lol soz"

So da postmans returned n teh king sed 2 thum "Y hav u came bk so soon???"

So them seys 2 him "We seens dis guy n he sed 2 us "Go bk 2 da king who sent u n tell um tht he is gonna die"

So da king got pissd n sed 2 thum "Wot kinda biiotch tld u deez fings????"

N tha peepz told da king "He woz hairy n leathery" n tha king sed "Omgz wtf! I no him!! Its Elikhat tha robot!!!1"

So newayz teh king sent him 50 hedgehogs coz he coodnt go coz he was sick memba! neway 1 ov da 50 went up 2 Elikhat tha robot woo waz sittin on a hill n sed 2 him "Oi, man ov Ceiling Cat, get down ere plz"

But teh robot answad "If i be man ov Ceiling Cat, let sum fire cum dwn from heven n go all ova u n ur 50 hedghogs" so then outta no wer, fire came out da sky n every1 went on fire n hedgehogs ran bout screamin der heads offf!!

So da king sent anotha 50 hedgehogs 2 get teh robot down frm da hill!! "get down frm da hill rite now!!!!" da kings otha frend shotd (cuz teh otha frend got all burnt n dead member n he had 2 send a persun wi da hedgehogs cuz theys cant tok lol)

undefined

So da king got antha 50!! dnt he learn?? neway 1 ov the 50 hogs went up da hill n sed 2 da robot " plz dnt get Ceiling Cat 2 puts me n my poor hedgehogs on fire omg plz"

" I heard wot happnd last tyme n i dont wanna get sum fires on me!"

Then a hoover gurl wit wings sent by da Ceiling Cat sed 2 da robot "Go down wi him, dnt be afradi ov him, heres a gun just incase lol" so he went wiv this guy 2 tok 2 da sickking yay!!

So he sed 2 da king who waz still in bed from bein sick from fallin downs a trap door "look ur gonna die, u just gotta deal wiv it soz"

undefined

So dere wuz diz guy Naaman, he wuz liek mastah of teh Syreean kings armay. Him had teh graetnez and teh honorz cuz Ceiling Cat gief him dese, him wuz also nyce but omg him haev a melty face LOLZ!!!

Meanwhile dem Syreeans went out in ur Israil steelin ur wumun to be slayve for teh wyf of teh Naaman guy

Teh slayve was liek "sum guy in Samareeya cud toetlay figz ur melty face dood, kthxbai"

So her told teh guy Naaman wha her told teh wyf

An teh king wuz liek "lol, srsly go see teh guy an ai wriet lettah so teh otha king iz cool" so him wented an tooked sum Cheezburgrz and lots of stuf to waer liek hatz

So he tooked teh lettah to tha Israil king an wuz liek "now u plz fikz mai melty face kthxbai"

Teh Israil king wuz liek "wtf? ai iz no Ceiling Cat an u haf made me rip my clothz a bit"

Tehn tha holey man Elisha herded teh king has ripd his clothz a bit and wuz liek "o hai omahghad ai tell u of teh prafet guy who can figz teh melty face"

Naaman went to see diz Elisha at him place an wuz all up him frunt dor waitn fur him wif him hors

Elisha jez told him, him shud clean in teh rivah and him wud be srsly supar.

But Naaman was liek wtf? him dunt want to spaek to me? ai tauht him wud be all liek "Ceiling Cat fix tha melty guy MEOW plz"

Him wuz liek "i can has rivah at hoem why ai com heer to wash? noob"

But hiz doodz wer liek "u shud wash, srsly"

So him washded in teh rivah an wuz liek "omahghad ai haz been cureded of teh mewlty face"

Him wen to teh guy and wuz liek "Elisha ur mai tru Ceiling Cat for reel i hart u an gief u Cheezburgrz"

But him wuz all "o noes i dun want, ai iz not teh Ceiling Cat pls keep ur Cheezburgrz"

Naaman wuz liek "srsly?"

Elisha sed "ya rly"

So Naaman sed "cool an kthxbai" and leffted with all his Cheezburgrz an Hatz!!

But dis Gehazi guy wuz liek "wtfbbq? der iz Cheezburgrz an him dunt wan tehm? I CAN HAS!!"

Gehazi chaseded aftr him and Naaman was like "wtf u ok?"

Gehazi wuz liek "yah i iz supar awsum but pls gief tha guyz haer some Cheezburgrz and sum clothz liek Hatz, tehy need em srsly"

Naaman wuz liek "npz" an him gief tehm.

But Gehazi was bad kitteh an keptded all teh Cheezburgrz an Hatz for him

Wehn Gehazi wen hoem Elisha wuz liek, dude wtf srsly!?

He sed to him "ai wanteded no Cheezburgrz u cant has Cheezburgrz wehn iz not fer u"

undefined

Teh proffitz sed 2 Elisha "Hay, ur hows iz too littul fur us.

Letz go 2 Jordan, an bild a biggur hows."  An Elisha sed "Go."

An wun of dem wuz liek "Iznt u gunna com wif us?"  An Elisha sed "O, okai."

So he goed wif dem.  Dey goed to Jordan an startid cutin down trez.

An wun of dem wuz cutin a tre, an teh aks fel in teh watur.  An he wuz liek "OMG TEH AKS!  OMG!  I BOROD DAT AKS!  O NOES!  OMGWTFBBQ!  DO NOT WANT!"

Elisha wuz liek "Were did it fal?"  An he showd him, an Elisha cut a stik an throo it in teh watur an maed teh aks flot.

An he sed "U get teh aks."  An teh man pikt up teh aks.

Nao, teh king of Aram wuz fytin wif Israel.  An he disyded to camp in dis plaec.

Teh man of Ceiling Cat telld teh king of Israel "B caerfl wen u pas dat plaec, bcuz teh Arameanz ar dere."

An so teh king of Israel chekt teh plaec.  An Elisha warnd him lotz.

dis enragd teh king ov aram. He summond his officers an demandd ov them, "will u not tell me which ov us iz on teh side ov teh king ov israel?"

"none ov us, mah lord teh king," sed wan ov his officers, "but elisha, teh profet hoo iz in israel, tells teh king ov israel teh vry werdz u speek in ur bedroom."

"go, find out wer he iz," teh king orderd, "so i can send doodz an capchur him." teh report came bak: "he iz in dothan." 14 den he sent horsez an chariots an strong force thar. They went by nite an surroundd teh city.

undefined

when teh servant ov teh man ov ceilin cat got up an went out early teh next mornin, an army wif horsez an chariots had surroundd teh city. "oh, mah lord, wut shall we do?" teh servant askd.

"doan be afraid," teh profet anzwerd. "dose hoo r wif us r moar than dose hoo r wif them."

an elisha prayd, "o lord, open his eyez so he cud c." den teh lord opend teh servants eyez, an he lookd an saw teh hills full ov horsez an chariots ov fire all around elisha.

as teh enemy came down toward him, elisha prayd 2 teh lord, "strike thees peeps wif blindnes." so he struck them wif blindnes, as elisha had askd.

elisha told them, "dis ar teh not teh road an dis ar teh not teh city. Follow me, an im gonna lead u 2 teh man u r lookin 4." an he led them 2 samaria.

aftr they enterd teh city, elisha sed, "lord, open teh eyez ov thees doodz so they can c." den teh lord opend their eyez an they lookd, an thar they wuz, inside samaria.

when teh king ov israel saw them, he askd elisha, "shall i kill them, mah fathr? Shall i kill them?"

"do not kill them," he anzwerd. "wud u kill doodz u has capturd wif ur own lightsaber or blaster? Set fud an watr before them so dat they cud eat an drink an den go bak 2 their mastah."

so he prepard great feast 4 them, an aftr they had finishd eatin an drinkin, he sent them away, an they returnd 2 their mastah. So teh bandz frum aram stoppd raidin israels territory.

sum tiem latr, ben-hadad king ov aram mobilizd his entire army an marchd up an laid siege 2 samaria.

thar wuz great famine in da city; teh siege lastd so long dat donkeys head sold 4 eighty shekels [a] ov silvr, an quartr ov cab [b] ov sed podz [c] 4 5 shekels. [d]

as teh king ov israel wuz pasin by on teh wall, woman crid 2 him, "halp me, mah lord teh king!"

teh king replid, "if teh lord doez not halp u, wer i can git halp 4 u? Frum teh threshin floor? Frum teh winepres?"

den he askd her, "wuts teh mattr?" 
She anzwerd, "dis woman sed 2 me, giv up ur son so we cud eat him todai, an 2morrow well eat mah son.

so we cookd mah son an eatd him. Teh next dai i sed 2 her, giv up ur son so we cud eat him, but she had hidden him."

when teh king herd teh womanz werdz, he tore his robez. As he went along teh wall, teh peeps lookd, an thar, underneath, he had sackcloth on his body.

he sed, "cud ceilin cat deal wif me, be it evr so severely, if teh head ov elisha son ov shafat remains on his shoulders todai!"

undefined

Elisha meowz too hoo-evr will lissen "Ceiling Cat letz me knoez taht tomorroe kitti fuud will sel 4 cheep.  Cum too Samaria gayt 4 low, low pricxes on all Meow Mix an cookies."

Teh kyng'z helperkat sayz "I no beleevs U.  Howe kan this happin?".  Elisha sez to him "Iz tru!  Butt U wont eetz ani uv it."

Tehre wuz fore kittehs wit lepersee at teh gaet uv teh citi.  Lepersee iz a dizeeze wer yr pawz an noze falz off.  Wun uv teh lepards sez 2 teh odders.  "Thingz doan luuk guud to me.  Guud chants we wil go "Blargh" an dy.  Iff wee stai heer, we dy.

Iff we goez into citi wee dy uv starvashun.  So letz goez 2 teh enemi Arameans.  Mebbi tehy killz uss, mebbe tehyz doan killz us.  Dis sutuashun sux"

Wen teh sun collapsd B-lo teh horizin an it getz darx owt, teh 4 lepard kittehz goez 2 Arameanz kamp. Butt OMGWTF no enemiz wuz ther!

Ceiling Cat can had playd a rucordin uv armee noizes uv horsies an soljah-kittehs, an teh Arameans can had meowed taht a bigg armee uv Hittitz an Egypshuns wer comeeng.

So teh Arameans rann awai so fast taht tehy lef der horsees and dawnkiis behin.

Teh foar lepperr kittehs wen ina tent an foun cookies an odder fuud.  Nom nom nom!  Tehy foun goald an silber bling an tuuk it awai an hidd it. Tehy also found closths an hid tehm 2.

Tehn dey meowd "Oh noes! Tihs iz guud nyooz 4 teh odder kittehs. We muss goan tel teh odder kittehs taht ther iz no armi heer.  Letz go bak 2 taown an telem."

So tehy wen back an tolled tewh gatekeepr kittehz taht teh Aramean kamp had gawn Bermuda Triangle on em: No Aramean soljah kittehs, jus ther horsees, odder animables, tentzes, bling an odder stuf.

Teh gatekeepr kittehz tolled teh Pallas kats in teh palace.

Teh kynge getz up att niet-tyme and sez to teh armee bosskats "I gesses teh Arameans R plottin.  Tehy haz a brayn thot that we R so hungary wee wil cum owt uv teh citi, an go 2 her kamp 4 fuud.  Tahts wen we getz kapchurd and tehy getz in2 teh citee."

A bosskat givs ordur "Taek chust 5 horsies an go 2 teh Aramean kamp.  Fine owt wot appins wiht teh Arameans."

Teh kynge sez tahts guud thinkin.  "Go an fine owt. kthxbai."

Teh kittehs foun taht teh Arameans can had frone awai theyr armore an odder suppleyes as tehy left.  Tehy repotd bak 2 teh kynge.

Hooray! All teh kittehs leff teh citi, and brot bak frum teh Aramean kamp all teh fuud tehy cuud carri.  Lo lo prixes on all katfuud, cookies an catsnip.  Hooray!  Chust liek Ceiling Cat sayed.

Teh saym hekperkat 2 teh kynge hoo meowed taht Elisha wld B rong abt lo lo prixes wuz put in charj uv teh gate wear teh katfuud waz 2B souled.  An hee wuz crushd 2 deth wif al teh kittehs stompin on him.

Just liek Elisha sayd wen he predictd lo prixes fur fuud.

Ceiling Cat sayd taht teh helperkat 2 teh kyng wuud nawt eet ani fuud.  Ceiling Cat wuz rite.  He 'z alwuz rite!

undefined

At dis taim, Elisha sayed to da ladee (da 1 whose sons he'd made live 'gain) "Get up and wok arown, cuz Ceiling Cat has sed thar will be no cheezburgers foar 7 years." An teh ladee axt, "Why iz it alwaiz 7 of tings wit Ceiling Cat?" an Elisha wuz liek, "Iz His lucky number."

So da ladee did what da hooman of Ceiling Cat sed to do. She gotted all her familee up and walked to the Phillipines!

After seven yeerz (and thar wur Cheezburgers again, thank Ceiling Cat), she caim bak and went to da king to get her house back (becaws apparently sum squatters had started shackin' up in hur absinse),

an it jes so happens dat de king was talkin wit Gehazi, who was Elisha's survant, abowt all da neat tings Elisha was doin',

an it jes so happens dat Gehazi was tellin teh vary story abowt dis ladee an how Elish had maid people come bak liev 'gain. WOW! An he was liek, "OMG! Dis ladee rite here is da won i wuz talkin' bout! Das her son, hoo wuz ded, an look how big he iz! I remember when he wuz dis big..." an da boy rolled his eyes becuz he got dis all da time.

Teh king told Gehazi too hush so dat teh ladee culd tell teh story herself, an she did. Then teh king called a policeman an said "go run dem low liefs outta her house so dat iz just liek it wuz when she left, before da cheezburger famine."

elisha went 2 damascus, an ben-hadad king ov aram wuz ill. When teh king wuz told, "teh man ov ceilin cat has come all teh wai up her,"

he sed 2 hazael, "taek gift wif u an go 2 meet teh man ov ceilin cat. Consult teh lord thru him; ask him, will i recovr frum dis illnes? "

hazael went 2 meet elisha, takin wif him as gift forty camel-loadz ov all teh finest warez ov damascus. He went in an stood before him, an sed, "ur son ben-hadad king ov aram has sent me 2 ask, will i recovr frum dis illnes? "

elisha anzwerd, "go an say 2 him, u will certainly recovr; but [a] teh lord has reveald 2 me dat he will in fact dye."

he stard at him wif fixd gaze til hazael felt ashamd. Den teh man ov ceilin cat began 2 weep.

"y iz mah lord weepin?" askd hazael. 
"cuz i knoe teh harm u will do 2 teh israelitez," he anzwerd. "u will set fire 2 their fortifid placez, kill their young doodz wif teh sword, dash their lil children 2 teh ground, an rip open their pregnant women."

hazael sed, "how cud ur servant, mere dawg, accomplish such feat?" 
"teh lord has shown me dat u will become king ov aram," anzwerd elisha.

den hazael left elisha an returnd 2 his mastah. When ben-hadad askd, "wut did elisha say 2 u?" hazael replid, "he told me dat u wud certainly recovr." 15 but teh next dai he took thick cloth, soakd it in watr an spread it ovar teh kings face, so dat he did. Den hazael succeedd him as king.

undefined

in da fifth yer ov joram son ov ahab king ov israel, when jehoshafat wuz king ov judah, jehoram son ov jehoshafat began his reign as king ov judah.

he wuz thirty-2 yeers old when he became king, an he reignd in jerusalem 8 yeers.

he walkd in da ways ov teh kings ov israel, as teh houz ov ahab had dun, 4 he marrid daughtr ov ahab. He did evil in da eyez ov teh lord.

nevertheles, 4 da saek ov his servant david, teh lord wuz not willin 2 destroy judah. He had promisd 2 maintain lamp 4 david an his descendants forevr.

in da tiem ov jehoram, edom rebelld against judah an set up itz own king.

so jehoram [b] went 2 zair wif all his chariots. Teh edomitez surroundd him an his chariot commanders, but he rose up an broke thru by nite; his army, howevr, fld bak home.

2 dis dai edom has been in rebellion against judah. Libnah revoltd at teh same tiem.

as 4 da othr events ov jehorams reign, an all he did, r they not written in da book ov teh annals ov teh kings ov judah?

jehoram restd wif his fathers an wuz burid wif them in da city ov david. An ahaziah his son succeedd him as king.

in da twelfth yer ov joram son ov ahab king ov israel, ahaziah son ov jehoram king ov judah began 2 reign.

ahaziah wuz twenty-2 yeers old when he became king, an he reignd in jerusalem wan yer. His mommys naym wuz athaliah, granddaughtr ov omri king ov israel.

he walkd in da ways ov teh houz ov ahab an did evil in da eyez ov teh lord, as teh houz ov ahab had dun, 4 he wuz relatd by marriage 2 ahabs pplz.

undefined

So! Elisha teh profet summond man frum the profets kitties an sed, "pull up ur pants, iz dangerous to go alone taek dis oil, an go ramoth gilead kthnks.

u get thar, u look 4 jehu son ov jehoshafat son ov nimshi. Go him, an taek him from his peeps inseid to closet.

den pour teh oil head an tell secret, dis ar wut Ceiling Cat sez: u now top cat ovar israel. Den open door an run away! Run away!"

so kitteh profet go ramoth gilead.

he get der an findz teh warkitties bein lazy. "i has a mesage, cmdr," he sed. "who 4?" askd jehu. "u, cmdr," he sed.

jehu go wif into teh closet. Den kitteh profet fling teh oil on jehus head an declard, "dis ar wut teh lord, ceilin cat ov israel, sez: u nao b top cat ovar teh lordz kittez ov israel.

teh hauz ov ahab ur mastah yo maek go boom, an im gonna avenge teh blood ov teh profets an teh all teh lordz peeps cause jezebel

teh whole houz ov ahab go boom. Imma gonna make go boom evry kitteh ov ahab in israel slave or free.

i gonna mak teh houz ov ahab liek teh houz ov jeroboam son ov nebat an liek teh houz ov baasha son ov ahijah, which az you know is bad.

as 4 jezebel, goggies will be to eats her on teh plot ov ground at jezreel, an no get shubox for to bry" den he opend teh door an runded.

jehu leave closet, an wan ov the warkittehs askd, "What happen? What kitteh say?" "u knoe teh kitteh profet, they all crazy talk," jehu sed.

"u lai!" they sed, "tell us!" Jehu sed, "k fine, he said dis: teh lord sez u nao top cat ovar israel. "

they were all zomg an took their pillos an spread them undr him on teh stairs. Den they blew teh horn an shoutd, "jehu iz top cat nao!"

so jehu son ov jehoshafat, teh son ov nimshi, make black roflcopters gainst joram. (nao joram an israel be defendin ramoth gilead against hazael king ov aram,

but joram [a] had returnd 2 jezreel 2 recovr frum teh woundz teh arameanz had inflictd on him in da battle wif hazael king ov aram.) jehu sed, "if dis ar teh teh wai u feelz, doan let anyone slip out ov teh city 2 go an tell teh news in jezreel."

den he got into his invisible bike an rode 2 jezreel, cuz joram wuz restin thar an ahaziah king ov judah had gone down 2 c him.

when teh lookout standin on teh towr in jezreel saw jehus troops approachin, he calld out, "i c sum troops comin." "git invisible bike kitteh," joram orderd. "send him 2 meet them an ask, do u has a peace? "

teh invisible bike kitteh rode off 2 meet jehu an sed, "dis ar teh wut teh king sez: do u has a peace? " "why for you would has a peace?" jehu replid. "you come wif me nao." Teh lookout reportd, "teh kitteh has reachd them, he no com bak."

so teh king sent out second invisible bike kitteh. When he came 2 them he sed, "dis ar teh wut teh king sez: do u has a peace? " Jehu replid, "why for you would has a peace? You also come wif me nao."

teh lookout siad, "he has reachd them, but he no come bak neithr. Teh invisible biking iz liek jehu son ov nimshi, cuz he drivez liek crazy person!"

"ready mai invisible bike," joram sed. An when it wuz redy, joram king ov israel an also ahaziah king ov judah rode out, each in his own invisible bike, 2 meet jehu. They met him at teh plot ov ground dat had belongd 2 naboth teh jezreelite (nao remember, ahab facestabbed that guy.)

when joram saw jehu he askd, "u has a peace, jehu?" "how can anyone has a peace," jehu replid, "as long as all teh idolatry an witchcraft ov ur mommy jezebel abound?"

joram turnd bout an run, callin out 2 ahaziah, "HE GONNA STAB US ALL!"

den jehu drew his invisible bow an shot joram tween teh shoulders. Teh arrow piercd his hart an he slumpd down in his invisible bike.

jehu sed 2 bidkar, his chariot officr, "pick him up an throw him on teh field dat belongd 2 naboth teh jezreelite. Remembr how u an i wuz ridin togethr in chariots behind ahab his fathr when teh lord made dis profecy bout him:

yesturdai i saw teh blood ov naboth an teh blood ov his sons, declarez teh lord, an im gonna surely mak u pai 4 it on dis plot ov ground, declarez teh lord. [b] nao den, pick him up an throw him on dat plot, in accordance wif teh werd ov teh lord."

when ahaziah king ov judah saw wut had happend, he fld up teh road 2 beth haggan. [c] jehu chasd him, shoutin, "kill him 2!" they woundd him in his chariot on teh wai up 2 gur near ibleam, but he escapd 2 megiddo an did thar.

his servants took him by chariot 2 jerusalem an burid him wif his fathers in his tomb in da city ov david. 29 (in da eleventh yer ov joram son ov ahab, ahaziah had become king ov judah.)

undefined

den jehu go 2 jezreel. When jezebel herd bout it, she put on pretty fase an peepd out window.

as jehu go through gate, she askd, "has u come in peace, zimri teh facestabbr ov master?" [d]

he lookd at teh window an calld out, "wher all mai peeps in the hizzous!" and some gaurdkitties lookd down at him.

"throw her down!" jehu sed. So they threw her down, an she maed messi roadkill wen she get run over by car an ew.

jehu went in an eatd an drank. "taek care ov dat cursd woman," he sed, "an get shoebox, 4 she wuz top catz daughtr."

but when dey went out for 2 bury her, they findz nothin except her skull an her feet an her hanz an more ew.

undefined

Ahab has sebenty kittehs en Somarea. Jehu meks letrs, he sendz dem to da rulrz of da citehs, n to da old kittehs, n da cats dat protekt ahab's kittehs en Somarea.

He ritze: "Sinz yo mstrs kittehs r wit u, n you do has chariots, horsies, and u has a fortified citeh, oh and all does wepons, den wen u get dis lettr

u chooz da best mstr kitteh. Puts him on hiz daddies thrown, and u fights for ur mstrs howse.. real hardz, srsly.

But dey wuz scaredy catz, an dey sed: if dem to kings can no defeet dem, how weez gunna do it?

So duh rulr of da citeh, along wit da old kittehs, n da protekt cats, dey sez back to Jehu: "Hey, we serv u. U tell us do tings, we do dem. But we not gunna say any cat iz king. U do wat u wants, k."

So, now Jehu writz uh seknd letr (he gettin' real tired of writn, srsly). He sez: "If u on mah sidz, n do wats I sez, den u cownt da hedz of ur mstrs kittehs n cum to Jezreel so we can talks, dis tyme nxt day, k?" [btw, da cats in da town wit lotz of cheezbrgrz, dem care for da sebenty prinzcatz - dey was raisin dem.]

Wen dey get letr fom Jehu, dey kilz all sebenty kittehs, dey put der hedz in bukkits, and dey sendz the bukkits to Jehu in Jezreel (zomgwtfbbq!)

A cat goz n tellz Jehu, dey brot da hedz of the kittehs! Jehu meks dem putz da hedz in 2 pilez at da door of da citeh, until da sun comz up.

Den Jehu go out in da mornin, n he stopt, and he sez to all da cats: "U no did dis. Ya, I knows I attakd mi lord n kild him, but who kild all deez kittehs?

I telz u, n u beta here me, all dat bad stuf Ceiling Cat sed bout howse a Ahab, it gun happn. Ceiling Cat - he did all dat stuf he sed he gunna do. He do it thru Elikhat."

All Ahab famly in Jezreel, Jehu kil dem. Jehu kil all Ahab frenz dat has tunz cheezbrgrz, all catz clos to Ahab, and all da prestz, he kil dem all.. it was lolacaust. Ahab hav no one leff.

Jehu, he den go to Somarea. Beth-neked-haroin, he stopt der,

an he see frenz of Ahaziah. Ahazia, he rul Judah. Jehu sed, "hoo r u?" N dey sed, "wese frendz wit Ahaziah. We go see da prinzcats an kween mom famly."

Jehu sed, "tayk dem, but no kil dem". Dey wuz taykn, all foarty-too ub dem. Den dey were kild by da pit of Beth-neked. Dey kild ebry one.

Jehu leff, den on road he see Jehonadab, da kitteh of Rechab. He sez "oh hai! do u feelz abowt me likz I feelz abowt u?" Jheonadab, he sez yah buddie. Jehu sez, "if u be mah frend, gib me ur paw." Jheonadab, he dun dis, an Jehu into hez chariot he pulz him.

"u go wit me" he sed, "I luv Celing Cat super moar bunch, yule see." Jehu brengs Jehonadab wit him.

Jehu get to Somarea. Ebery cat in Ahab famly, he kil dem. He kil dem all. He do wut Ceiling Cat sed wud happn. Ceiling Cat, he told Elikhat it wud happn. iz tru.

Jehu mek ebry one in one playce. He sez to dem: "U knows Ahab serv Baal, but Jehu wil serv him bettah.

Calz all da Balls prafets, n all dat prey to him, n all hiz prestz, dem to. Mek sur ebrybudy here, I gots big cheezburgr... but I no eats it, I burn it fur Baal. If u no cum see me do dis, u gunna dai." But he no serios, dis big trik. Wen dey cum, Jehu gunna kill all dem dat prey to Ball.

Jehu den sed "get ebry one here, we say gud tings bout Baal now, k?". Dey did dis.

Jehu spred wurd of meet evry wear in Isreal. Ebry Baal preyer, dey cum to Baal tempul. All a dem. No mor can fitz in tempul.

Den Jehu sez to yarn cat, "brink out da yarn fir all dah baal preyers." Wen dey did dis

Jehu an Jheonadab go to da tempul, an sed to ebry one: "Mek sur no one here likz Ceiling Cat. Dis vry emportant. Dis for Baalcats only plz, thx.

Den dey made sackruf ices an lolacausts. But Jehu, he put aytee cats outsid da tempul. He tel dem "if u lets a baalcat ehscape, I kil won of u. If u miz too, I kil too. If tree, I kil tree.. "

Wen dey dun wit sackruf ices and lolacausts, Jehu sey to cats outsid tempul "Go enside now an kil all da baalcats. Mek sur no baalcat git out. Kil dem all, k?" So da cats stab dem all.

Den dey burn ther shrine

an da pictur of Baal med of rok dey smash it. Dey deestoy da tempul, and mek it lttrbox. It stil lttrbox todai, srsly, I no kid. I poop der.

So, dat how Jehu mek Isreal no hav baalcats.

But he remembr Jeroboam, kitteh of Nebat, an da sinz he mek Isreal do. Da sinz bout goldcows at Bethel n Dan.

Ceiling Cat teld Jehu "u did wut I tink iz rite, n sence u kill all Ahab's cats, ur kittehs, dey wil rulz Isreal. N dere kittehs wil rulz to, n dere kittehs wil rulz sum mor.

But Jehu no folow al da lawz of Ceiling Cat wit all hiz hert. He no stop frm da sinz Jeroboam med Isreal do.

Now Ceiling Cat tek apart Isreal. Hazaelcats defeet Isrealcats ebrywere

I mean lik, ebrywhere, srsly. Ceiling Cat not happi.

All uter stuf Jehu did, dat iz writn en Isreal kings book.

Jehu slept wit fishies an his catsestors. In Somarea he buryed. Hiz kitteh Jehoahaz wuz rulr afftur he wuz.

undefined

An wen Athaliah (Ahazhiaz m0m) fownd owt her son wuz ded, she went an pwned a hole bunch of royal kittehs.


Cept Jehosheba, teh dotter uv teh king Joram and Ahazhiaz sissy, taked Joash (Ahazhiaz kitteh), an hided him so he didn't get pwned like teh kings uver kittehs, cuz him an his nurse wuz in teh bedroom, so Athaliah cudn't find him an pwn him.


So he hided wif Jehosheba in Jehovahs place for six yeers. An Athaliah was teh top kitteh.


An then, in teh next yeer, Jehoiada bringed teh hed kittehs dat had hundrids of Carites and guards dat followed dem, an dey had to pinky sware in teh house uv Jehovah, and den he showed dem teh king's boy-kitteh.


Den he wuz all, dis is wut u gotta do: out of three kittehs dat goes in on Caturday, one gots to watch teh king's howse.


An one gots to be at teh Sur gate, and one gots to be at teh gate behind teh gard.  An pownce on inibodee dat comes neer, so dey don't break teh house.


undefined

In teh sekkund yeer that Jehoash wuz kynge uv Israel, Amaziah becaim kynge uv Judah.

He wuz twenny-five yeer old when he becaim topcat an roold 29 yeers.  Jehoaddin wuz hiz mamacat an she caim frum Jerusalem.  Nao U knowz!

He wuz guud an didz what Ceiling Cat wantz, just like Joash, hiz faddercat.  Budd nawt like David had dunn.

Teh exxtra sacerfice plaices werr nawt removd, so kittehs maid sacerfice ther and burrn insentz dere.

Whenn Azamiah can haz kyngship, he killxx teh bad kittehs hoo killd hiz fadder teh last kynge.  Azamiah iz guud kyng-kitteh an not killxx teh sonz uv teh bad kittehs too.

Moses-bibel sez "U doan killx sonz fur waht ther fadder-kittehs do, an U doan killz fadders fur wat ther son-kittehs doez.  All diez fur ther oan sinz."

Amaziah armees went 2 teh Vallee uv Salt an killx 10,000 Edomites dere.  He renaims teh town uv Sela az Joktheel, as U knowz it today.  Tenn tousand iz bygg nummer, I thinks.  I haz 18 toes on mai 4 pawz an dat's how farr I can count.

An den Azamiah senned lettr to Jehoash Kyng uv Israel sayeng "Ohai.  Wanna fight?  I fite U!  Comm here an step acroxx a line in teh sand taht I draw. Kthxbai!"

Jehoash senz bak lettr saying "U are laik a littl prickly plant who sez to big cedar Lebanon tree 'Gimme yur dawter so mai sun can marri her.' But insted yu get trampld unner somewunz paw.

Shur yu scratch up Edom real good, an yu R all puffd up abowt it.  You can haz glori fur winnin that catfite, but stai hoam in ur own sleeping basket.  Doan mess wit me, or yu fall-down-go-boom an taik Judah wit yu! srsly! KTHXBAI bak at yu!"

Azamiah, hee say "La la la, I kan't heer yu" so Jehoash, kynge uv Israel attaxx.  Boath armees can haz fite at Beth Shemesh in Judah.

Oh noes!  Judah getz beat up, an all pwned Judah-kittehs scamperz hoam.

Jehoash catchez up 2 Azamiah att Beth Shemesh an sez "Aha! gotz yu!" Tehn Jehoash goez 2 Jerusalem an busts up citee wallz frum Ephraim Gate 2 Corner Gait.  Dat's sixx hunnerd feet uv wall.

He taiks all goald an silber bling in teh Ceiling Cat templ, an all teh bling in teh pallas.  Tehn he say "Bye Bye!" an goez hoam tu Samaria.

If yu wantz 2 knows mor abowt Jehoash an hiz othur adventurs, goez an luuks at teh Israel kynges bookz!  Obviusly!  Annywun wood know that!

Jehoash diez an gets burried with teh othur kynges uv Isreal.  Nex kynge = Jeroboam

Azamiah livvs anodder 15 yeers afteur teh deth of Jehoash.

Therz anodder book fur teh storys of Azamiah an teh othur kynges uv Judah.  We kan't incluud eberyting in teh Bibul.  It wood B too longe.

Hiz deth wuz bluddy.  Badkats in jerusalem plotz agaenst him an he runz awai 2 Lachish, butt tehy catch up tu himm an killxx him ther.

Thei putz his boddee on a horsie an bringz itt bak to Jerusalem.  Then tehy plunks teh boddee inna teh grownd long side hiz fadder-kats.

Nex topkat uv Judah wuz Azariah, sun uv Amaziah.  He wuz sixxteen yeers old an had chust gott hiz drivr licens.

Azariah put Elath bakk togedder an brung it bak to teh countree ov Judah.

Jeroboam wuz sun uv Jehoash, kynge uv Israel.  He becaime kynge in Samaria an rained fur fort-tee-wun yeerz.  Phew, a long tyme.

He maed invisible errorz, not follow roolz uv Ceiling Cat.

Wun guud thing hee didz wuz to make Israel teh saim saize as beforr.  Ceiling Cat callz Jonah sun ov Amittai, teh proffett frum Gath Hepher, on teh heven-phone an sayz "Tellz kynge Jeroboam 2 put back Israel teh way it wuz."  An thatz wot append.

All teh kittehs uv Israel wuz mizzerybull an suffrin an stuffs.  Ceiling Cat seez this happen. Same fur slaiv-cats an teh free-cats.  Nobuddy wuz helps tehm.

Ceiling Cat sayz "They iz in trubbles, an I no abannon tehm, so I getz Jeroboam ta helps tehm." An Ceiling Cat maid it so.

Jeroboam didz manni othur stuffs, like catfites wit othur tribez, an capchurin Hamath an Damascus.  Find owt mor inn teh Israel kynge buuk at yer local lie-berry.  Obvious!

undefined

K, so aftur dis dood Jeraboam wuz in Izreal r00lin dere peepz 4 liek 27 hooman yeerz, Azariah who wuz Amaziah's kitteh wuz kyng nex.

He wuz onli 16 hooman yeerz wen he caem in at 1st but he wuz bosscat 4 lyk srsly 52 hooman yeerz!

He wuz gud kitteh, allwayz use litur box liek his poppacat teech him cuz dey liek Ceiling Cat and noez Ceiling Cat does NOT want piddle on floorz.

Dey kept teh tall scratchi posts tho so evrybudy cud clim up & offur up dere ded mice 2 dere invizibul sky doodz, and has warm fyrez.

Den 4 sum reezun Ceiling Cat gaev teh kyng teh nasty itchi fur & fleez an he skritch & skratch at it an it keeped falin out 4 teh rest uv his life, srsly, & nobuddy wanted 2 pet him or be aroun him so they din let him sleep wit teh hyoominz or evin b wif teh uthr kittehz, dat wuz how grose he wuz. Dey put him in hiz own room an din let him out, not evn 4 kyng stuffz! So hiz kitteh Jotham got all teh 1337 kyng upgradez.

ROFL plz dun tel me u din noe bowt teh book of teh annulz of teh kyngz of J00dah. Go reed it n00b, kthxbai. ...K dun? Gud, now u can haz nollij abowt Azariah.

Azariah had teh long kitteh nap wif hiz grankittehz under teh groun nex 2 teh Citeh uv David. An den hiz kitteh Jotham becaem kyng 4 reel evn tho he allredi had all teh 1337 kyng upgradez, LOL.

In teh firty-eighfth yeer wen Azariah wuz r00lin J00dah, Zechariah teh kitteh of Jeraboam becaem kyng uv Izreal in Samaria but onli for 6 munthz, LMAO.

He wuz a rly bad kitteh doin rly bad stuf in front of Ceiling Cat, liek prolly not goin in teh litur box, ew. Hiz daddeh Jeraboam wuz bad an maed Izreal do srsly bad stuf, but hiz kitteh din caer cuz he wuz jus as bad and keeped doin teh saem stuf.

Shallum who wuz jabeshes kitteh wuz liek "ALL UR WET FUD IZ MIEN NAO!!!!" and liek jumped on Zechariah in frunt uv evrybuddi, o noes! An Shallum pwned Zechariah rly hard wif hiz clawz an wuz totali kyng.

U can luk it up in teh book uv teh annulz mebbe if u wunt but dis gye wuz onli kyng 4 liek 6 monthz b4 he got pwned and he wuz teh sux0rz n e wai.......jus sayin.

Scoar 1 for Ceiling Cat, 4 jennerayshunz uv kyngz ftw. take taht Jehu!!!!PWNT

Shallum becaem kyng in teh firty-ninef yeer uv Uzziah kyng uv j00dah, an he wuz such a n00b he wuz onli in ur Izreal r00lin ur peepz for 1 munth, lolol.

Cuz tihs dood Menahem road tripped frum Tirzah 2 pwn him, an he pwned him and wuz teh kyng rite den.

But u dun haev 2 taek my wurd 4 it. get a libary card an reed abowt teh stuf dat hapned wile Shallum wuz kyng, an hao he tryed to do sneeky bakstabbi stuf but he prolly cudnt cuz he got pwned aftur 1 munth, ROFLMAO.

So on dis road trip from Tirzah Menahem did bad stuf 2 dis plaec caled Tiphsah cuz he scratch on teh door and mew all kyoot but dey din let him in prolly cuz dey herd he wuz bad kitteh. Soz den wen he got in he broked evryfing in Tiphsah and he scratch out the baby kittens stil in teh mommakitteh tummiez jus 2 b meen, Iz ded srs rite nao.

In teh firty-ninf yeer aftur Azariah (remembr him? lulz!!) wuz kyng uv j00dah, Menahem, Gadi's kitteh becaem teh kyng of Izreal an he stade dere for 10 hole yerz.

He wuz a bad kitteh an prolly din use hiz littur box neethur, an he did da same bad stuf liek da othr dood Jeraboam who maed Izreal do bad stuf 2. A hole counchry of kittehz not uzin dere littur boxs, jus goin in teh hows, can u imajjin. Ceiling Cat DO NOT WANT.

Den OMG, dis dood naemd (I iz sware Iz not makin dis up) Pul, hu wuz teh kyng uv A$$yria, got 2getha a totali 1337 gild and raded Izreal. But Menahem payed him a fouzand munniez 2 kill 50 koboldz in teh dark forest. No, w8! OMG sry, my bad!! He gaev him a fouzand munniez but it wuz 2 win him ovr an proteckt hiz r00lin in Izreal.

BTW, Menahem got dese munniez frum Izreal. All teh rich kittehz in Izreal had 2 pay Menahem 50 munniez. An Kyng Pul (LOL) wuz all liek 'K Thx, cya sukkaz' an went bak 2 A$$yria.

U r srsly dum, sry. Hao meny tiemz doez I has 2 tel u, u can reed all bowt dis in dat annulz book, liek if u wanna noe sumfin bowt Menahem, u jus luk undr 'M.' Srsly.

Menahem tooked teh long kitteh nap wif hiz grandkittehs. dat meenz Pekahiah his kitteh iz nex.

So aftur 50 hyoomin yeerz of Azariah wen hiz fur wuz alreddi all nasti, Pekahiah wuz da kyng uv Izreal in Samariah, lastin for 2 yeerz.

Pekahiah din use his littur box neether and Ceiling Cat din liek him, cuz he did teh same bad stufs as teh othr bad kittehs dat I al reddi told u bowt b4.

Evn hiz frenz din liek him, speshully dis cheef ofiser named Pekah (kitteh of Remaliah if u caer), prolly cuz he dun liek him havin teh saem naem but liek jus a littul fansier. He got 2getha a hy00j gild uv lyk 50 waryurz & mayjez & preestz & rogez & stuffz from Gilead wich iz rly da bes plaec 2 get a gild, and dey raded da kyngz paliss in Samaria. Dey pwned da kyng & dese peepz u nevr herd uv cald Argob adn Ariah, nd tehy tuk teh royal cheezburger so dey can has spoilz. And dat made Pekah kyng but nobuddy noticed teh diffruns cuz dey had almose teh saem name n e waez, lol.

U shud reed bout Pekahiah in teh annulz ov teh kyngz. He did lotz of stufs.

When Azriah jus bowt to l00z hiz bukkit in hiz fiffy-sekkund yeer, datz wen Pekah kitteh of Remaliah pwnt Pekahiah and becaem teh kyng. He keeped teh comfy kyng chair for 20 hyoomin yeerz.

He wuz bad kitteh, makin messes evrywere, doin saem bad stuf as other kyngz adn makin Ceiling Cat puff up angry in teh Ceiling.

Wile Pekah wuz bizzy playin wif favrit sckweeky toy tihs d00d Tiglath-Pileser, who wuz kyng uv A$$yria, duh, cuz dey can haz teh best namez, stealed Ijon, Abel Beth Maakah, Janoah, Kedesh, an Hazor wile nobodee wuz lookin. Den he tooked Gilead adn Galilee (& Naphtali wif it) jus 4 teh lulz an brot evrybudy he kapchurrd bak 2 A$$yria.

So den dis d00d cald Hoshea, kitteh ov Elah, figgurd owt he din liek Pekah much prolly cuz he jus lettin randum kyngz uv A$$yria get al up in Izreals gril liek dat. So he jumped on him and pwned him gud and den he wuz kyng. BTW Jotham, kitteh ov Uzziah dat gye I menchund way bak, he been kyng 4 liek 20 yeerz by den, jus thot u shud noe. nollij iz powurr.

Speekin uv nollij, if u wuntz 2 has nollij abowt Pekah u has 2 READ MOAR. Sry but dat is just da way it iz. U wil find it all in teh annulz ov teh kyngz ov Izreal, amirite?!?!?

So wen Pekah kitteh ov Remaliah wuz kyng for 2 yeerz nao, Jotham teh kitteh ov Uzziah wuz jus startin 2 r00l ovr j00dah.

He wuz 25 wen he started an den he stayed kyng for 16 yeerz. O, an hiz mamas naem wuz Jerusha an her daddeh's naem wuz Zadok, cant beleef i almos lef dat owt.

Ceiling Cat lieked him cuz he did good stuff and wuz a good kitteh like his daddeh.

Dey kept teh tall scratchi posts tho so evrybudy cud clim up & offur up dere ded mice 2 dere invizibul sky doodz, and has warm fyrez, but Jotham rebilt sum upurr templ gate 2 da Ceiling Cat so mebbe dat maekz up 4 it, i meen Ceiling Cat din giev him teh nasti ichee fur dizeez or nuthin LOL! Sry, spoilerz! LMAO!!!

If u rly caerd bowt dis stuf, u wud reed da anulz uv teh kyngz uf j00dah, pozur.

(Bak den Ceiling Cat wuz setin up a big kitteh fite wif Rezin kyng uv Aram and Pekah kitteh uv Remaliah verzus j00dah.)

undefined

Ahaz wuz sun uv Jothan an hee wuz startd 2B kyng uv Judah.

Ahaz wuz 20 yeers old an reynd 4 16 yeers.  He was Bad Kitteh an didz Invisible Errors.

Jus lyk in teh old dais, hee offed hiz sun as sacerfyce to Ceiling Cat.

He burn insens evrywer, on all teh hillz.  Nawt a guud ting.

Tehn ther wuz a fite.  Kingz Rezin n Pekah wen 2 fite Ahaz butt cld nawt cum in2 teh citi n win teh fite.

But Rezin bootd Ahaz'z fiters outuv Elath sew teh Edomites cld liv ther.

So Ahaz sent kittehs 2 Assyria 2 sai 2 Kynge Tiglath-Pileser "Oh Hai.  Dis messg iz frum Ahaz.  U R mai bosskat.  Cum help mee as Ah am in trubba. kthxbai!"

Ahaz sent goald an silber bling wid teh messg as insentiv 2 maek Tiglath-Pileser cum soon.

Teh Kynge uv Assyria sed "K!".  He attaxckd an tehn all Damascus R belong to him.  Rezin wuz ded.

Ahaz went vizit to Tiglath-Pileser@Dasmascus.Assyria 2 sai "Thx!"  Hee saw an altar ther an sent a naice pixtur of it 2 hiz preest Uriah.  He wans 1 jus liek it at hoam.  Dis Uriah wuz nawt in rawk band or Dickenz buuk eethur.

Sew Uriah maed teh altar, sew hee cld sai to Ahaz "Is gift!".

Ahaz uzed teh new altar 4 offrings 2 Assyrian godz.

Hee burnd catsnip on teh altar, pord wattr frum teh wattr bol and offrd bluud 2.

Ahaz tehn movd teh guud altar uv Ceiling Cat off 2 teh sied, owt uv teh way.

Ahaz axd Uriah 2 yooz teh noo altar fur all teh reglar offrings - fur meet, granes, drinx an bluud.  Ahaz stil yoozd Ceiling Cat'z altar 2.

Uriah did waht hee wuz tolled to.  He no fool; not gett offd by teh Kynge.

Ahaz also movd teh templ furntur aroun.  This wuz be impotent 2 putt in teh Bible (dis buuk).

He also maid naice wit teh Kyng uv Assyria bye chanjing teh stuff outsyd teh templ.

Ahaz did odder stuff butt U can google taht in teh histree buuks.

undefined

in da third yer ov hoshea son ov elah king ov israel, hezekiah son ov ahaz king ov judah began 2 reign.

he wuz twenty-5 yeers old when he became king, an he reignd in jerusalem twenty-9 yeers. His mommys naym wuz abijah [a] daughtr ov zechariah.

he did wut wuz rite in da eyez ov teh lord, jus as his fathr david had dun.

he removd teh high placez, smashd teh sacrd stonez an cut down teh asherah polez. He broke into piecez teh bronze snaek mosez had made, 4 up 2 dat tiem teh israelitez had been burnin incense 2 it. (it wuz calld [b] nehushtan. [c] )

hezekiah trustd in da lord, teh ceilin cat ov israel. Thar wuz no wan liek him among all teh kings ov judah, eithr before him or aftr him.

he held fast 2 teh lord an did not cease 2 follow him; he kept teh commandz teh lord had given mosez. 7

undefined

frum watchtowr 2 fortifid city, he defeatd teh filistinez, as far as gaza an itz territory.

in king hezekiahs fourth yer, which wuz teh seventh yer ov hoshea son ov elah king ov israel, shalmanesr king ov assyria marchd against samaria an laid siege 2 it.

at teh end ov 3 yeers teh assyrianz took it. So samaria wuz capturd in hezekiahs sixth yer, which wuz teh ninth yer ov hoshea king ov israel.

teh king ov assyria deportd israel 2 assyria an settld them in halah, in gozan on teh habor rivr an in towns ov teh medez.

dis happend cuz they had not obeyd teh lord their ceilin cat, but had violatd his covenantâ€”all dat mosez teh servant ov teh lord commandd. They neithr listend 2 teh commandz nor carrid them out.

in da fourteenth yer ov king hezekiahs reign, sennacherib king ov assyria attackd all teh fortifid citiez ov judah an capturd them.

so hezekiah king ov judah sent dis mesage 2 teh king ov assyria at lachish: "i has dun wrong. Withdraw frum me, an im gonna pai whatevr u demand ov me." teh king ov assyria egsaktd frum hezekiah king ov judah 3 hundrd talents [d] ov silvr an thirty talents [e] ov gold.

so hezekiah gaev him all teh silvr dat wuz findz in da temple ov teh lord an in da treasuriez ov teh royal palace.

at dis tiem hezekiah king ov judah strippd off da gold wif which he had coverd teh doors an doorposts ov teh temple ov teh lord, an gaev it 2 teh king ov assyria.

teh king ov assyria sent his supreme commandr, his chief officr an his field commandr wif large army, frum lachish 2 king hezekiah at jerusalem. They came up 2 jerusalem an stoppd at teh aqueduct ov teh uppr pool, on teh road 2 teh washermanz field.

they calld 4 da king; an eliakim son ov hilkiah teh palace administrator, shebna teh secretary, an joah son ov asaf teh recordr went out 2 them.

teh field commandr sed 2 them, "tell hezekiah: 
" dis ar teh wut teh great king, teh king ov assyria, sez: on wut r u basin dis confidence ov yours?

u say u has strategee an military strengthâ€”but u speek only empty werdz. On whom r u dependin, dat u rebel against me?

look nao, u r dependin on egypt, dat splinterd red ov staff, which piercez manz hand an woundz him if he leanz on it! Such iz faraoh king ov egypt 2 all hoo depend on him.

an if u say 2 me, "we r dependin on teh lord r ceilin cat"-isnt he teh wan whose high placez an altars hezekiah removd, sayin 2 judah an jerusalem, "u must worship before dis altar in jerusalem"?

" come nao, mak bargain wif mah mastah, teh king ov assyria: im gonna giv u 2 thousand horsezâ€”if u can put riders on them!

how can u repulse wan officr ov teh least ov mah mastahs officials, even though u r dependin on egypt 4 chariots an horsemen [f] ?

furthermore, has i come 2 attack an destroy dis place without werd frum teh lord ? Teh lord him told me 2 march against dis country an destroy it. "

den eliakim son ov hilkiah, an shebna an joah sed 2 teh field commandr, "plz speek 2 ur servants in aramaic, since we understand it. Doan speek 2 us in hebrew in da hearin ov teh peeps on teh wall."

but teh commandr replid, "wuz it only 2 ur mastah an u dat mah mastah sent me 2 say thees things, an not 2 teh doodz sittin on teh wallâ€”hoo, liek u, will has 2 eat there own kitteh littr an drink there own peepee?"

den teh commandr stood an calld out in hebrew: "hear teh werd ov teh great king, teh king ov assyria!

dis ar teh wut teh king sez: do not let hezekiah deceiv u. He cant delivr u frum mah hand.

do not let hezekiah persuade u 2 trust in da lord when he sez, teh lord will surely delivr us; dis city will not be given into teh hand ov teh king ov assyria.

"do not listen 2 hezekiah. Dis ar teh wut teh king ov assyria sez: mak peace wif me an come out 2 me. Den evry wan ov u will eat frum his own vine an fig tree an drink watr frum his own cistern,

til i come an taek u 2 land liek ur own, land ov grain an new wine, land ov bread an vineyardz, land ov oliv treez an honey. Choose life an not death! 
"do not listen 2 hezekiah, 4 he iz misleadin u when he sez, teh lord will delivr us.

has teh ceilin cat ov any nashun evr deliverd his land frum teh hand ov teh king ov assyria?

wer r teh godz ov hamath an arpad? Wer r teh godz ov sefarvaim, hena an ivvah? Has they rescud samaria frum mah hand?

hoo ov all teh godz ov thees countriez has been able 2 save his land frum me? How den can teh lord delivr jerusalem frum mah hand?"

undefined

den teh king calld togethr all teh elders ov judah an jerusalem.

he went up 2 teh temple ov teh lord wif teh peeps ov judah, teh inhabitants ov jerusalem, teh priests an teh profets - all teh peeps frum teh least 2 teh greatest. He read in their hearin all teh werdz ov teh book ov teh covenant, which had been findz in da temple ov teh lord.

teh king stood by teh pillar an renewd teh covenant in da presence ov teh lord - 2 follow teh lord an keep his commandz, statutez an decreez wif all his hart an all his soul, thus confirmin teh werdz ov teh covenant written in dis book. Den all teh peeps pledgd themselvez 2 teh covenant.

teh king orderd hilkiah teh high priest, teh priests next in rank an teh doorkeepers 2 remoov frum teh temple ov teh lord all teh articlez made 4 baal an asherah an all teh starry hosts. He burnd them outside jerusalem in da fieldz ov teh kidron valley an took teh ashez 2 bethel.

he did away wif teh idolatrous priests appointd by teh kings ov judah 2 burn incense on teh high placez ov teh towns ov judah an on dose around jerusalem - dose hoo burnd incense 2 baal, 2 teh sun an moon, 2 teh constellashuns an 2 all teh starry hosts.

he took teh asherah pole frum teh temple ov teh lord 2 teh kidron valley outside jerusalem an burnd it thar. He ground it 2 powdr an scatterd teh dust ovar teh gravez ov teh common peeps.

he also tore down teh quarters ov teh male shrine prostitutez dat wuz in da temple ov teh lord, teh quarters wer women did weavin 4 asherah.

josiah brought all teh priests frum teh towns ov judah an desecratd teh high placez, frum geba 2 beersheba, wer teh priests had burnd incense. He broke down teh gateway at teh entrance ov teh gate ov joshua, teh city governor, which wuz on teh left ov teh city gate.

although teh priests ov teh high placez did not serve at teh altar ov teh lord in jerusalem, they eatd unleavend bread wif their fellow priests.

he desecratd tofeth, which wuz in da valley ov ben hinnom, so no wan cud use it 2 sacrifice their son or daughtr in da fire 2 molek.

he removd frum teh entrance 2 teh temple ov teh lord teh horsez dat teh kings ov judah had dedicatd 2 teh sun. They wuz in da court [a] near teh room ov an offishul namd nathan-melek. Josiah den burnd teh chariots dedicatd 2 teh sun.

he pulld down teh altars teh kings ov judah had erectd on teh roof near teh uppr room ov ahaz, an teh altars manaseh had built in da 2 courts ov teh temple ov teh lord. He removd them frum thar, smashd them 2 piecez an threw teh rubble into teh kidron valley.

teh king also desecratd teh high placez dat wuz east ov jerusalem on teh south ov teh hill ov corrupshun - teh onez solomon king ov israel had built 4 ashtoreth teh vile goddes ov teh sidonianz, 4 chemosh teh vile ceilin cat ov moab, an 4 molek teh detestable ceilin cat ov teh peeps ov ammon.

josiah smashd teh sacrd stonez an cut down teh asherah polez an coverd teh siets wif hooman bonez.

even teh altar at bethel, teh high place made by jeroboam son ov nebat, hoo had causd israel 2 sinâ€”even dat altar an high place he demolishd. He burnd teh high place an ground it 2 powdr, an burnd teh asherah pole also.

den josiah lookd around, an when he saw teh tombs dat wuz thar on teh hillside, he had teh bonez removd frum them an burnd on teh altar 2 defile it, in accordance wif teh werd ov teh lord proclaimd by teh man ov ceilin cat hoo foretold thees things.

teh king askd, "wut iz dat tombstone i c?" 
Teh peeps ov teh city sed, "it markz teh tomb ov teh man ov ceilin cat hoo came frum judah an pronouncd against teh altar ov bethel teh vry things u has dun 2 it."

"leef it alone," he sed. "doan let anyone disturb his bonez." so they spard his bonez an dose ov teh profet hoo had come frum samaria.

jus as he had dun at bethel, josiah removd all teh shrinez at teh high placez dat teh kings ov israel had built in da towns ov samaria an dat had arousd teh lordz angr.

josiah slaughterd all teh priests ov dose high placez on teh altars an burnd hooman bonez on them. Den he went bak 2 jerusalem.

teh king gaev dis ordr 2 all teh peeps: "celebrate teh pasovr 2 teh lord ur ceilin cat, as it written in dis book ov teh covenant."

neithr in da dais ov teh judgez hoo led israel nor in da dais ov teh kings ov israel an teh kings ov judah had any such pasovr been observd.

but in da eighteenth yer ov king josiah, dis pasovr wuz celebratd 2 teh lord in jerusalem.

furthermore, josiah got rid ov teh mediums an spiritists, teh haushold godz, teh idols an all teh othr detestable things seen in judah an jerusalem. Dis he did 2 fulfill teh requirements ov teh law written in da book dat hilkiah teh priest had discoverd in da temple ov teh lord.

neithr before nor aftr josiah wuz thar king liek him hoo turnd 2 teh lord as he did ”wif all his hart an wif all his soul an wif all his strength, in accordance wif all teh law ov mosez.

nevertheles, teh lord did not turn away frum teh heat ov his fierce angr, which burnd against judah cuz ov all dat manaseh had dun 2 arouse his angr.

so teh lord sed, "im gonna remoov judah also frum mah presence as i removd israel, an im gonna reject jerusalem, teh city i chose, an dis temple, bout which i sed, thar shall mah naym be. [b]"

as 4 da othr events ov josiahs reign, an all he did, r they not written in da book ov teh annals ov teh kings ov judah?

while josiah wuz king, faraoh necho king ov egypt went up 2 teh eufratez rivr 2 halp teh king ov assyria. King josiah marchd out 2 meet him in battle, but necho facd him an killd him at megiddo.

josiahs servants brought his body in chariot frum megiddo 2 jerusalem an burid him in his own tomb. An teh peeps ov teh land took jehoahaz son ov josiah an anointd him an made him king in place ov his fathr.

jehoahaz wuz twenty-3 yeers old when he became king, an he reignd in jerusalem 3 months. His mommys naym wuz hamutal daughtr ov jeremiah; she wuz frum libnah.

he did evil in da eyez ov teh lord, jus as his predecesors had dun.

faraoh necho put him in chains at riblah in da land ov hamath so dat he mite not reign in jerusalem, an he imposd on judah levy ov hundrd talents [c] ov silvr an talent [d] ov gold.

faraoh necho made eliakim son ov josiah king in place ov his fathr josiah an changd eliakims naym 2 jehoiakim. But he took jehoahaz an carrid him off 2 egypt, an thar he did.

jehoiakim paid faraoh necho teh silvr an gold he demandd. In ordr 2 do so, he taxd teh land an egsaktd teh silvr an gold frum teh peeps ov teh land accordin 2 their assesments.

jehoiakim wuz twenty-5 yeers old when he became king, an he reignd in jerusalem eleven yeers. His mommys naym wuz zebidah daughtr ov pedaiah; she wuz frum rumah.

undefined

So in da ninth yer ov zedekiahs reign, on teh tenth dai ov teh tenth month, nebuchadnezzar king ov babylon marchd against jerusalem wif his whole army. He encampd outside teh city an built siege werkz all around it.

Teh city wuz kept undr siege til teh eleventh yer ov king zedekiah.

Bye teh ninth dai ov teh fourth [a] month teh famine in da city had become so severe dat thar wuz no fud 4 da peeps 2 eat.

Den teh city wall wuz brokd thru, an teh whole army fld at nite thru teh gate tween teh 2 walls near teh kings garden, though teh babylonianz [b] wuz surroundin teh city. They fld toward teh arabah, [c]

Butt teh babylonian [d] army pursud teh king an overtook him in da plains ov jericho. All his soldiers wuz separatd frum him an scatterd,

An he wuz capturd. He wuz taken 2 teh king ov babylon at riblah, wer sentence wuz pronouncd on him.

They killd teh sons ov zedekiah before his eyez. Den they put out his eyez, bound him wif bronze shacklez an took him 2 babylon.

0n teh seventh dai ov teh fifth month, in da nineteenth yer ov nebuchadnezzar king ov babylon, nebuzaradan commandr ov teh imperial guard, an offishul ov teh king ov babylon, came 2 jerusalem.

He set fire 2 teh temple ov teh lord, teh royal palace an all teh haus ov jerusalem. Evry important buildin he burnd down.

Teh whole babylonian army, undr teh commandr ov teh imperial guard, broke down teh walls around jerusalem.

Nebuzaradan teh commandr ov teh guard carrid into exile teh peeps hoo remaind in da city, along wif teh rest ov teh populace an dose hoo had gone ovar 2 teh king ov babylon.

Butt teh commandr left behind sum ov teh poorest peeps ov teh land 2 werk teh vineyardz an fieldz.

Teh babylonianz broke up teh bronze pillars, teh movable standz an teh bronze sea dat wuz at teh temple ov teh lord an they carrid teh bronze 2 babylon.

Tthey also took away teh pots, shovels, wick trimmers, dishez an all teh bronze articlez usd in da temple service.

Teh commandr ov teh imperial guard took away teh censers an sprinklin bowls - all dat wuz made ov pure gold or silvr.

Teh bronze frum teh 2 pillars, teh sea an teh movable standz, which solomon had made 4 da temple ov teh lord, wuz moar than cud be weighd.

Each pillar wuz twenty-7 feet [e] high. Teh bronze capital on top ov wan pillar wuz 4 an half feet [f] high an wuz decoratd wif network an pomegranatez ov bronze all around. Teh othr pillar, wif itz network, wuz similar.

Teh commandr ov teh guard took as prisoners seraiah teh chief priest, zefaniah teh priest next in rank an teh 3 doorkeepers.

Ov dose still in da city, he took teh officr in charge ov teh fightin doodz an 5 royal advisers. He also took teh secretary hoo wuz chief officr in charge ov conscriptin teh peeps ov teh land an sixty ov his doodz hoo wuz findz in da city.

Nebuzaradan teh commandr took them all an brought them 2 teh king ov babylon at riblah.

Thar at riblah, in da land ov hamath, teh king had them executd. 
So judah went into captivity, away frum her land.

Nebuchadnezzar king ov babylon appointd gedaliah son ov ahikam, teh son ov shafan, 2 be ovar teh peeps he had left behind in judah.

When all teh army officers an their doodz herd dat teh king ov babylon had appointd gedaliah as governor, they came 2 gedaliah at mizpah - ishmael son ov nethaniah, johanan son ov kareah, seraiah son ov tanhumeth teh netofathite, jaazaniah teh son ov teh maacathite, an their doodz.

Gedaliah took an oath 2 reasure them an their doodz. "do not be afraid ov teh babylonian officials," he sed. "settle down in da land an serve teh king ov babylon, an it will go well wif u."

In da seventh month, howevr, ishmael son ov nethaniah, teh son ov elishama, hoo wuz ov royal blood, came wif 10 doodz an assasinatd gedaliah an also teh doodz ov judah an teh babylonianz hoo wuz wif him at mizpah.

At dis, all teh peeps frum teh least 2 teh greatest, togethr wif teh army officers, fld 2 egypt 4 fear ov teh babylonianz.

In da thirty-seventh yer ov teh exile ov jehoiachin king ov judah, in da yer evil-merodach [g] became king ov babylon, he releasd jehoiachin frum prison on teh twenty-seventh dai ov teh twelfth month.

He spoke kindly 2 him an gaev him seat ov honor highr than dose ov teh othr kings hoo wuz wif him in babylon.

So jehoiachin put aside his prison clothez an 4 da rest ov his life eatd regularly at teh kings table.

undefined

Adam, Seth, Enosh (lolz),

Kenan (no Kel, aww), Mahalelelel, Jarid,

Enoch, Methusaleh (teh old gai), Lamech,

Teh baybeez ov Noah (but onlyz da boyz, dey wuz missawjinist): Shem, Ham (om nom nom!), & Japheth.  Dey wuz teh Japhethites lulz

Teh baybeez ov Japheth wuz: Gomr, Magog, Mayday, JaMAN, Twoballs, Meshech an tiras, an he no eated them.

Teh baybeez ov Gomr. lolz: Ashkenaz, Rifhath an Togaman.

Teh baybeez ov JaMAN: Elisa, Tarshish-ka-bab, teh Kittim an teh Rodanim.

Teh baybeez ov Hamhamdinner: Cushion, Mizraim, Put (put whut, lawlz) an Canaan.

Teh baybeez ov Cush: Seba, Havilah, Sabta, Raamah an Sabteca.  Teh baybeez ov Raamah: Sheba an Dedan

cush wuz teh fathr  ov
Nimrod, hoo grew 2 be mighty warrior on earth and alum. lolz.

mizraim wuz teh fathr ov
Teh luditez, anoreximitez, rehabitez, naftuhitez,

parachutes, casluhitez (frum whom teh filistinez came) an CAToritez.

canaan wuz teh fathr ov
Sidon his 1stborn,  an ov teh hittitez,

jebusiets, amoritez, girgashitez,

hivitez, arkitez, sinitez,

arvaditez, zemaritez an hamathitez. Teh semitez

teh sons ov shem:
Elam, asshur, arfaxad, lud an aram.
Teh sons ov aram :
Uz, hul, gethr an meshech.

arfaxad wuz teh fathr ov shelah,
An shelah teh fathr ov ebr.

2 sons wuz born 2 ebr:
Wan wuz namd peleg, cuz in his tiem teh earth wuz dividd; his brothr wuz namd joktan.

joktan wuz teh fathr ov
Almodad, shelef, hazarmaveth, jerah,

hadoram, uzal, diklah,

obal, [i] abimael, sheba,

ofir, havilah an jobab. All thees wuz sons ov joktan.

shem, arfaxad, shelah,

ebr, peleg, reu,

serug, nahor, terah

an abram (dat iz, abraham).
Teh pplz ov abraham

teh sons ov abraham:
Isaac an ishmael. Descendants ov hagar

thees wuz their descendants:
Nebaioth teh firstborn ov ishmael, kedar, adbeel, mibsam,

mishma, dumah, masa, hadad, tema,

jetur, nofish (;_;!) an kedemah. Thees wuz teh sons ov ishmael. Descendants ov keturah

teh sons born 2 keturah, abrahams concubine:
Zimran, jokshan, medan, midian, ishbak an shuah.
Teh sons ov jokshan:
Sheba an dedan.

teh sons ov midian:
Efah, efr, hanoch, abida an eldaah.
All thees wuz descendants ov keturah. Descendants ov sarah

abraham wuz teh fathr ov isaac.
Teh sons ov isaac:
Esau an israel.

teh sons ov esau:
Elifaz, reuel, jeush, jalam an korah.

teh sons ov elifaz:
Teman, omar, zefo, gatam an kenaz;
By timna: amalek.

teh sons ov reuel:
Nahath, zerah, shammah an mizzah. Teh peeps ov seir in edom

teh sons ov seir:
Lotan, shobal, zibeon, anah, dishon, ezr an dishan.

teh sons ov lotan:
Hori an homam. Timna wuz lotanz sistr.

teh sons ov shobal:
Alvan, [m] manahath, ebal, shefo an onam.
Teh sons ov zibeon:
Aiah an anah.

teh son ov anah:
Dishon.
Teh sons ov dishon:
Hemdan, eshban, ithran an keran.

teh sons ov ezr:
Bilhan, zaavan an akan.
Teh sons ov dishan :
Uz an aran. Teh rulers ov edom

thees wuz teh kings hoo reignd in edom before any israelite king reignd  :
Bela son ov beor, whose city wuz namd dinhabah.

when bela did, jobab son ov zerah frum bozrah succeedd him as king.

when jobab did, husham frum teh land ov teh temanitez succeedd him as king.

when husham did, hadad son ov bedad, hoo defeatd midian in da country ov moab, succeedd him as king. His city wuz namd avith.

when hadad did, samlah frum masrekah succeedd him as king.

when samlah did, shaul frum rehoboth on teh rivr succeedd him as king.

when shaul did, baal-hanan son ov acbor succeedd him as king.

when baal-hanan did, hadad succeedd him as king. His city wuz namd pau,  an his wifez naym wuz mehetabel daughtr ov matrd, teh daughtr ov me-zahab.

hadad also did.
Teh chiefs ov edom wuz:
Timna, alvah, jetheth,

oholibamah, elah, pinon,

kenaz, teman, mibzar,

undefined

Dese be teh kittehs ov Israel; Reubnez, Simenoz, Leviz Jeanz, n Judhaz, Issachraz, n Zebulunz

Danz, Josephes, n Benjaminz, Naphtaliahz, Gnadz, n Usherz

Teh kittehs of Judhaz; Erz, n Onanz, , Shelhaz: thoz tree wuz fum teh kitteh of Shuaz teh Canaanitezzz. An Erz, teh fust-kitteh of Judhaz, wuz EBIL in teh c-ing of teh all-cing Ceiling Cat, an he sniped himz.

Tamarz hims kitteh-in-law bornz himz Pharze n Zerhazz. All teh kittehs of Judhaz were five and pwetty leetz.

Teh kittehs uf Pharzez; Hezronzz, and Hamulz.

Teh kittehs of Zerah; Zimriz, Ethannz, Hemanz, Calcoolz and Dardaz. Dey wuz five kittehs! Lolz.

Teh kitteh ob Catmiz; Achar, who waz in ur temples, stealin ur devoted thingz.

Teh kitteh uv Ethannz; Azariahhhhhhhh!

Teh kittehs Hezronzz wuz Jerahmeelz, Ram n Calebz.

Ram has beens teh fathah of Amminadabz, and Amminadabz the fathah ov Nahshonz, whoo bez teh pwnzor leeder of teh Judah peeps.

Nahshonz have Salmon (Ceiling Cat favrit!), Salmon hav kid Boazz,

Boazz have kid Obed an Obed hav kid Jesse.

Den Jesse can has Eliab n Abinadab n Shimea

n Nethanel n Raddai

n Ozem n David (David iz teh pwnzors).

Thoz kittehs can has sissers Zeruiah n Abigail. Zeruiah hav kittehs Abishai, Joab, n Asahel.

Abigail bez mudder uv Amasa, hoo hav fathah Jether teh Ishmaelite.

n den Calebz, Hezronzzs kitteh, had kittehs with Azubah and Jerioth.  Thear kittehs wer Jesher, Shobab, n Ardon.

Azubah died, n Caleb had a kitteh with Ephrath (teh pmp!) namd Hur.

n Hur wuz dady ov Uri, n Uri dady ov Bezaleel.

n den Hezron maried Machir, whose dady wuz Gileads dady, n wen Hezron wuz 60, Machir n him maed a baby namd Segub.

Segub had kid Jair, n he ownd 23 cities in Gilead's place.

n so Jairs towns combind wiht Kenaths n Geshur n Aram maed 60.  All dese wer ownd by kittehs ob Machir, Gileads dady.

n den Hezron wuz ded in Calbe-ephratah, den his wife Abiah had his kid Ashur, who wuz teh dady ob Tekoa.

Hezrons first kitteh, Jerahmeel, had kid Ram, den Bunah, n Oren, n Ozem, n Ahijah.

Jerahmeel haz lady kat naemd Atarah and together they haz kid Onam.

Ram (first kitteh of Jerahmeel) haz kidz Maaz n Jamin n Eker.

An' Onams kittehs wuz Shammai n Jada. n Shammais kittehs wuz Nadab n Abishur.

n Abishurz wife wuz Abihail, n dey maed babeez Ahban n Molid.

n Nadabs kitttehs wuz Seled n Appaim, but Seled died b4 he has had kittehs.

n Ishi wuz Appaims kitteh.  n Ishis kitteh wuz Sheshan.  n Sheshans Ahlai.

n Shammais bruders, Jadas, wuz Jonathan n Jether, but Jether died young n has no kittehs.

n Jonathan had kid Peleth n Zaza.  All dese be deh kittehs ob Jerahmeel.

Nao Sheshan no had kittehs, had dautr kittehs. n Sheshan had srvnt (Egyptian dood LOL), Jarha.

Sheshan giv him dautr kitteh to Jarha to mery, n her maed Attai.

Attais kitteh wuz Nathan, Nathans kitteh wuz Zabad,

Zabads kitteh wuz Ephlal, Ephlals kitteh wuz Obed,

Obeds kitteh wuz Jehu, Jehus kitteh wuz Arariah

Azariahs kitteh wuz Helez, Helezs kitteh wuz Eleasah,

Eleasahs kitteh wuz Sismai, Sismais kitteh wuz Shallum

Shallums kitteh wuz Jekamiah, n Jekamiahs kitteh wuz Elishama. Dey wer da Caleb Clan.

Snsz of Caleb, bros to Jerahmeel: Mesha wuz frstbrn kitteh of Ziph, his kitteh wuz Mareshah n his kitteh wuz Hebron.

Snsz of Hebron: Korah, Tappuah, Rekem n Shema.

Shemas kitteh wuz Raham, Rahams kitteh wuz Jorkeam. Rekems kitteh wuz Shammai.

Teh kitteh of Shammai wuz Maon, n Maons kitteh wuz Beth Zur.

Calebs konkubyn Ephah wuz Haran n Moza n Gazezses mom.

Jahdaisz kittehs wuz Regem n Jotham n Geshan n Pelet n Ephah n Shaaph.

Calebs konkubyn wuz Sheber n Tirhanahzs mom.

Her also maed Shaaph (him kitteh wuz Madmannah) n Sheva (him kittehs wuz Macbenah n Gibea).

Dese be teh kittehs of Caleb.
The kittehs of Hur, the furst kitteh of Ephrathah:
Shobal has kitteh called Kiriath Jearim,

Salma has kitteh called Bethlehem, and Hareph has kitteh called Beth Gader.

The kittehs of Shobal (whose kitteh was Kirith Jearim):
Haroeh, half the Manahathites,

and the kittehs of Kiriath Jearim: the Ithrites, Puthites, Shumathites and Mishraites.  Dey has teh kittehs dat is Sorathites and Eshtaolites.

The kittehs of Salma:
Bethlehem, the Netophathites, Atroth Beth Joab, half the Manahathites, the Zorites,

undefined

David can haz kittehs in Hebron!  His kittehs iz Amnon, of Ahinoam teh Jezreelitess; Daniel of Abigail teh Carmelitess:

Absalom teh kitteh of Maachah teh gurl kitteh of Talmai rulercat of Geshur: Adonijah teh kitteh of Haggith:

Shephatiah of Abital: Ithream by Eglah his wifekitteh.

So he hasded six kittehs in Hebron where all the kittehs licked his feetz for sevn yurs and six monts: an in Jerusalem kittehs licked his feetz thurty three yurs.

OMGZ he hasded mor kittehs in Jerusalem!!!!; Shimea, Shobab, Nathan, an Solomon, Bath-shua teh gurl kitteh of Ammiel:

An Ibhar, Elishama, Eliphelet,

Nogah, Nepheg, Japhia,

Elishama, Eliada, an Eliphelet LOL!

An he had moar from PENIS GOES WHERE?! cats an he had a gurl kitteh Tamar!

An Solomonses kitteh wuz Rehoboam, Abia hiz kitteh, Asa hiz kitteh, Jehoshaphat hiz kitteh,

Joram hiz kitteh, Ahaziah hiz kitteh, Joash hiz kitteh,

Amaziah hiz kitteh, Azariah hiz kitteh Jotham hiz kitteh,

Ahaz hiz kitteh, Hezekiah hiz kitteh, Manasseh hiz kitteh,

Amon hiz kitteh, Josiah hiz kitteh.

An Josiah had for kittehs!  Johanan,  Jehoiakim, Zedekiah, an Shallum!  LOL

An Jehoiakimses kittehs wur  Jeconiah an Zedekiah hiz kitteh.

Jeconiahses kittehs; Assir, Salathiel hiz kitteh,

Malchiram, Pedaiah, Shenazar, Jecamiah, Hoshama, an Nedabiah.

An Pedaiah hasded kittehs!  ROFL!  Zerubbabel, an Shimei! an teh kittehz of Zerubbabel; Meshullam, an Hananiah, an Shelomith teh gurl kitteh:

An Hashubah, Ohel, Berechiah, Hasadiah, an Jushab-hesed!  Fiv kittehs!

An teh kittehs Hananiah; Pelatiah, an Jesaiah: teh kittehs of Rephaiah, teh kittehs of Arnan, teh kittehs of Obadiah, teh kittehs of Shechaniah.

An teh kittehs of Shechaniah; Shemaiah: an teh kittehs of Shemaiah: Hattush, Igeal, Bariah, Neariah, an Shaphat!

An teh kittehs of Neariah; Elioenai, Hezekiah, an Azrikam.

undefined

Judah can haz kittens, an his kittens wuz Pharez, Hezron, an Carmi, an Hur, an Shobal.

An Reaiah, teh kitteh who Shobal begat (which iz fancy hooman word for when u haz kittens), he had kitteh and he name him Jahath; an Jahath begat Ahumai, an also Lahad. Dese is teh kittehs of teh Zorathites.

An dese other kittehs were kittehs uv Etam: Jezreel, an Ishma, an Idbash: and teh name of dere sis wuz Hazelelponi;

An Penuel who wuz dad uv Gedor, an Ezer who wuz dad ov Hushah. Dese iz teh kittehs uv Hur, the furst-borned of Ephratah, who wuz teh dad of Bethlehem (not teh citie).

undefined

An Naarah bore him (dis means same as "begat," it not mean she wuz boring) Ahuzam, an Hepher, an Temeni, an Haahashtari. Dese wuz teh kittehs of Naarah.

And teh kittehs uv Helah wuz Zereth, an Jezoar, an Ethnan.

An Coz begat Anub, an Zobebah, and teh kittehs uv Aharhel, who wuz teh kitten of Harum.

But Jabez wuz more better den his bruvr an his momcat sayed his name wuz Jabez, cuz she sayed she borned him with sad.

An Jabez says to Ceiling Cat, “I can haz Cheezburgrz? An moar land? An yor paw wid me,  so I get noes pain or pwnage? Srsly?” And Ceiling Cat say, "Srsly."

Moer kittehs from other kitteh,

undefined

undefined

undefined

undefined

undefined

undefined

Teh doods ov Reuben (not gud az cheezburger tho LOL) wuz supposta hav next monorail to Izreel, but Reuben snoozd all day on daddeh's pillo and missted it.  So den Josefs peepz pwnt teh monorail, an even teh noozpaperz wer all liek OMGWTFBBQ!1!!!

But Jooda sed his doodz has a tuff (liek ninja cat srsly!), but all his base are rly belongded too josef...OH NOES!

An Reuben (u noes...teh Owlcat of Izreel!1) maeded more sammiches, and he callded tehm Hanoch, Pallu, Hezron, and Carmi.  But tehy not as gud as Reuben, an deffntetly not NOM liek cheezburger!!1!

Den dis d00d Joel hazded kittehs too, an he callded tehm Shemaiah, Gog, an Shimei (OMFG DARTH VAEDRZ MOM!!!1!eleven!)

and tehn anothr littr omg!

But anywaez tehy namded wun of dem Beerah, an he becomded teh Owlcat of teh Reubenzez.  So evrywun wuz liek "Budwaizr an sammich?!?! OM NOM NOM SRSLY!!1!".  Den tihs peep Tigger-Pilsner sed he wantd noms too...so he stealded teh Beerah d00d frm teh Reubenzez.  o noes!

Their relativez by clanz, listd accordin 2 their genealogical recordz: 
Jeiel teh chief, zechariah,

An bela son ov azaz, teh son ov shema, teh son ov joel. They settld in da area frum aror 2 nebo an baal meon.

2 teh east they occupid teh land up 2 teh edge ov teh desert dat extendz 2 teh eufratez rivr, cuz their livestock had increasd in gilead.

Durin sauls reign they wagd war against teh hagritez, hoo wuz defeatd at their hanz; they occupid teh dwellings ov teh hagritez throughout teh entire region east ov gilead.

Teh gaditez livd next 2 them in bashan, as far as salecah:

Joel wuz teh chief, shafam teh second, den janai an shafat, in bashan.

Their relativez, by familiez, wuz: 
Michael, meshullam, sheba, jorai, jacan, zia an ebrâ€”7 in all.

Thees wuz teh sons ov abihail son ov huri, teh son ov jaroah, teh son ov gilead, teh son ov michael, teh son ov jeshishai, teh son ov jahdo, teh son ov buz.

Ahi son ov abdiel, teh son ov guni, wuz head ov their pplz.

Teh gaditez livd in gilead, in bashan an itz outlyin villagez, an on all teh pasturelandz ov sharon as far as they extendd.

All thees wuz enterd in da genealogical recordz durin teh reigns ov jotham king ov judah an jeroboam king ov israel.

Teh reubenitez, teh gaditez an teh half-tribe ov manaseh had 44,760 doodz ready 4 military service - able-bodid doodz hoo cud handle shield an sword, hoo cud use bow, an hoo wuz traind 4 battle.

They wagd war against teh hagritez, jetur, nafish an nodab.

They wuz helpd in fightin them, an ceilin cat handd teh hagritez an all their alliez ovar 2 them, cuz they crid out 2 him durin teh battle. He anzwerd their prayers, cuz they trustd in him.

They seizd teh livestock ov teh hagrite - fifty thousand camels, 2 hundrd fifty thousand sheep an 2 thousand donkeys. They also took wan hundrd thousand peeps captiv,

Sn lotz da others fell slain, cuz teh battle wuz ceilin cats. An they occupid teh land til teh exile.

teh peeps ov teh half-tribe ov manaseh wuz numerous; they settld in da land frum bashan 2 baal hermon, dat iz, 2 senir (mount hermon).

Thees wuz teh headz ov their familiez: efr, ishi, eliel, azriel, jeremiah, hodaviah an jahdiel. They wuz brave warriors, famous doodz, an headz ov their familiez.

Butt they wuz unfaithful 2 teh ceilin cat ov their fathers an prostitutd themselvez 2 teh godz ov teh peoplez ov teh land, whom ceilin cat had destroyd before them.

undefined

De kittehz uv Levi wur Gershon, Kohath, an Merari.

De kittehz uv Kohath enkludid Amram, Izhar, Hebron, an Uzziel.

De kittehz uv Amram wur Aaron, Moses, an Miriam. De kittehz uv Aaron wur Nadab, Abihu, Eleazar, an Ithamar.

Eleazar wuz de fadur uv Phinehas. Phinehas wuz de fadur uv Abishua.

Abishua wux de fadur uv Bukki. Bukki wuz de fadur uv Uzzi.

Uzzi wuz de fadur uv Zerahiah. Zerahiah wuz de fadur uv Meraioth.

Meraioth wuz de fadur uv Amariah. Amariah wuz de fadur uv Ahitub.

Ahitub wuz de fadur uv Zadok. Zadok wuz de fadur uv Ahimaaz.

Ahimaaz wuz de fadur uv Azariah. Azariah wuz de fadur uv Johanan.

Johanan wuz de fadur uv Azariah, de hai pweest at de Tempul biwt bai Solomon een Jerusalem.

Azariah wuz de fadur uv Amariah. Amariah wuz de fadur uv Ahitub.

Ahitub wuz de fadur uv Zadok. Zadok wuz de fadur uv Shallum.

Shallum wuz de fadur uv Hilkiah. Hilkiah wuz de fadur uv Azariah.

Azariah wuz de fadur uv Seraiah. Seraiah wuz de fadur uv Jehozadak,

hoo went eentoo eggzaiul wen Ceiling Cat zent de peepul uv Judah an Jerusalem eentoo kaptiwitee undur Nebuchadnezzar.

De kittehz uv Levi wur Gershon, Kohath, and Merari.

De kittehz uv Gershon inklewdud Libni an Shimei.

De kittehz uv Kohath inklewdud Amram, Izhar, Hebron, an Uzziel.

De kittehz uv Merari inklewdud Mahli an Mushi. De fawlowing wur de Levite klanz, listud akording too dair ansesterul dezent:

De kittehz uv Gershon inklewdud Libni, Jahath, Zimmah, Joah, Iddo, Zerah, an Jeatherai.

undefined

De kittehz uv Kohath inklewdud Amminadab, Korah, Assir, Elkanah, Abiasaph, Assir, Tahath, Uriel, Uzziah, an Shaul.

undefined

undefined

De kittehz uv Elkanah inklewdud Amasai, Ahimoth, Elkanah, Zophai, Nahath, Eliab, Jeroham, Elkanah, an Samuel.

undefined

undefined

De kittehz uv Samuel wur Joel (de owldur) an Abijah (de sekund).

De kittehz uv Merari inklewdud Mahli, Libni, Shimei, Uzzah,

Shimea, Haggiah, an Asaiah.

David azaind de fawlowing catz too leed de moozik at de haws uv Ceiling Cat avtur de Ark wuz plazd dair.

Dey ministurd wit moozik at de Tabernacle unteel Solomon bilt de Tempul uv Ceiling Cat een Jerusalem. Dem careed owt dair wurk, fawlowing awl de wegulaishunz handud daun too dem.

Deez ar de catz hu survd, ahlong wit dair kittehz: Heman de Muzishunz wux frum de klan uv Kohath. Him jeeneeowlogee wuz traisd bak twough Joel, Samuel,

Elkanah, Jeroham, Eliel, Toah,

Zuph, Elkanah, Mahath, Amasai,

Elkanah, Joel, Azariah, Zephaniah,

Tahath, Assir, Abiasaph, Korah,

Izhar, Kohath, Levi, and Israel.

Heman’s furst aziztunt wuz Asaph frum de klan uv Gershon. Asaph’s jeeneeowlogee wuz traisd bak tru Berekiah, Shimea,

Michael, Baaseiah, Malkijah,

Ethni, Zerah, Adaiah,

Ethan, Zimmah, Shimei,

Jahath, Gershon, and Levi.

Heman’s secund aziztunt wuz Ethan frum de klan uv Merari. Ethan’s jeeneeowlogy wuz traisd bak tru Kishi, Abdi, Malluch,

Hashabiah, Amaziah, Hilkiah,

Amzi, Bani, Shemer,

Mahli, Mushi, Merari, an Levi.

Dair fehlow Levites wur apointud too variuz odur tazkz een de Tabernacle, de howz uv Ceiling Cat.

Ownlee Aaron an him kittehz survd ahz preeztz. Dem pwezentud de ofuringz on de altur uv burnt ofuring an de altur uv insenze, an dem preformd awl de odur dooteez welaytd too de Mowst Holee Plays. Demz maid ahtonment fur Israel bai duing evureeting dat Moses, de survent uv Ceiling Cat, ad comandid dem.

De kittehz uv Aaron wur Eleazar, Phinehas, Abishua,

Bukki, Uzzi, Zerahiah,

Meraioth, Amariah, Ahitub,

Zadok, and Ahimaaz.

Dis ees ah wecord uv de townz an tairitoriez azind bai meenz uv saikred lotz too de kittehz uv Aaron, hu wur frum de klan uv Kohath.

Dis tairitorie inklewdud Hebron an eetz surownding pazturlandz een Judah,

But de feewlds an outlaiying areaz belonging too de citee wur giwen too Caleb kitteh uv Jephunneh.

Soh de kittehz uv Aaron wur giwen de fawlowing taunz, eetch wit eetz pazturlandz: Hebron (a sitee uv refyug), Libnah, Jattir, Eshtemoa,

Holon, Debir,

Ain, Juttah, an Beth-shemesh.

An frum de tairitorie uv Benjamin dem wur giwen Gibeon, Geba, Alemeth, an Anathoth, eetch wit eetz pazturlandz. Soh turteen tounz wur giwen too de kittehz uv Aaron.

De wemayning kittehz uv Kohath weseevd ten tounz frum de tairitorie uv de haf-trib uv Manasseh bai meenz uv saicred lotz.

De kittehz uv Gershon weseevd bai saicred lotz turteen tounz frum de tairitoriez uv Issachar, Asher, Naphtali, an frum de Bashan ahreeah uv Manasseh, eest uv de Jordan.

De kittehz uv Merari reseevd bai saicred lotz twelv tounz frum de tairitoriez uv Reuben, Gad, an Zebulun.

Soh de peepul uv Israel asind awl deez tounz an pasturlandz too de Levites.

De tounz een de tairitoriez uv Judah, Simeon, an Benjamin, menshund abuv, wur asaind too dem bai meenz uv saicred lotz.

De kittehz uv Kohath wur giwen de fawlowing tounz frum de tairitorie uv Ephraim, eetch wit eetz pasturlandz:

Shechem (ah sitee uv refyug een de hiwl cuntrie uv Ephraim), Gezer,

Jokmeam, Beth-horon,

Aijalon, an Gath-rimmon.

De remayning kittehz uv Kohath wur asaind de tounz uv Aner an Bileam frum de tairitorie uv de haf-trib uv Manasseh, eetch wit eetz pasturlandz.

De kittehz uv Gershon reseevd de tounz uv Golan (een Bashan) an Ashtaroth from de tairitorie uv de haf-trib uv Manasseh, eetch wit eetz pasturlandz.

Frum de tairitorie uv Issachar, dem wur giwen Kedesh, Daberath,

Ramoth, an Anem, eetch wit eetz pasturlandz.

Frum de tairitorie uv Asher, dey reseevd Mashal, Abdon,

Hukok, an Rehob, eetch wit eetz pasturlandz.

undefined

a dood naemd Issachar had four boy kitties: Tola, Puah, Jashub an Shimron.

Tola wus da daddy of Uzzi, Rephaiah Jeriel, Jahmai, Ibsam + Shemuel, hu all wuz brave fightin menz and fambly leaders in der Clan. Dere wus 22,600 people in Tola's families by the time of David being seed.

Uzzi was the daddy of Izrahiah an the Grand-daddy of Michael, Obadiah, Joel, an Isshiah, who wus also fambly leaders

dere famblys wuz so big dey had to have 36000 soldiers n da clanz.

srsly, Issachar had 87000 soldiers!

another dood named Benjamin had three boy kitties: Bela, no not the one from Twilight, Jediael, like lightsaber boy, n' Becher.

teh boy kitties uv Bela: Ezbon, Uzzi, Uzziel, Jerimoth an Iri, heads of famblys — five in all. Dey had 22,034 fighting menz.

the boy kitties uv Beker: Zemirah, Joash, Eliezer, Elioenai, Omri, Jeremoth, Abijah, Anathoth an Alemeth. All dese were the boy kitties of Beker, in case u be forgettin.

Dey had 20,200 fighting menz.

teh boy kitties of Jediael: jus Bilhan. teh boy kitties of Bilhan: Jeush, Benjamin, Ehud, Kenaanah, Zethan, Tarshish and Ahishahar.

All dese boy kitties uv Jediael wuz heads of famblys. dere were 17,200 fighting menz all packed 'n reddy to be goin to war.

The Shuppites an Huppites wuz teh childrens uv Ir, an the Hushites wuz teh childrens uv Aher.

teh boy kitties uv Naphtali: Jahziel, Guni, Jezer and Shillem —teh childrens uv Bilhah.

Teh childrens uv Manasseh: Asriel wuz his children fru his Aramean concubine. She gives birfs to Makir teh daddy uv Gilead.
verze

Makir took a wife from teh Huppites an Shuppites. His sister's name wuz Maacah. Another childrens wus named Zelophehad (srsly), hu had only girl kitties hu wasnt important.

Makir's wife Maacah gives birfs to a boy kittie an naemd him Peresh. His bruvver wus naemd Sheresh, an his boy kitties were Ulam an Rakem.

The son of Ulam: jus Bedan. Dese whur teh boy kitties uv Gilead boy kittie uv Makir, teh boy kitteh uv Manasseh.

His sister Hammoleketh gives birfs to Ishhod, Abiezer an Mahlah.

Teh boy kitties uv Shemida wuz: Ahian, Shechem, Likhi an Aniam.

Teh childrens uv Ephraim: Shuthelah, Bered his boy kittie, Tahath his boy kittie, Eleadah his boy kittie, Tahath his boy kittie,

Zabad his boy kittie an Shuthelah his boy kittie. Ezer an Elead wuz timed out by teh native-born men of Gath, when dey went to take dere cheezburgerz.

Dere daddy Ephraim had a sad for dem many days, an his famblys came to give him lols.

Den he had secks wif his wife again, and she got a boy kittie from da stork. He named him Beriah, cuz dere was bad jujumagumbo in his fambly.

His gurl kitteh wuz Sheerah, hu maed Lower and Upper Beth Horon as well as Uzzen Sheerah.

Rephah wuz his boy kittie, Resheph his boy kittie, Telah his boy kittie, Tahan his boy kittie,

Ladan his boy kittie, Ammihud his boy kittie, Elishama his boy kittie,

Nun his boy kittie and Joshua his boy kittie. Phew, dats lots uv boy kitties!

Dere lands an scratching posts included Bethel an close by places, Naaran to teh east, Gezer an close by places to teh west, an Shechem and close by places all the way to Ayyah an close by places.

On teh edges uv Manasseh wuz Beth Shan, Taanach, Megiddo an Dor, togevver wif dere close by places. The childrens uv Joseph boy kittie uv Israel lived in dese towns.

Teh boy kitties uv Asher: Imnah, Ishvah, Ishvi an Beriah. Dere gurl litter mate wuz Serah.

Teh boy kitties uv Beriah: Heber an Malkiel, hu wuz teh daddy uv Birzaith.

Heber wuz teh daddy uv Japhlet, Shomer an Hotham an uv dere gurl litter mate Shua.

Teh boy kitties uv Japhlet: Pasach, Bimhal and Ashvath. N case u b forgettin, dese r Japhlet's boy kitties.

Teh boy kitties uv Shomer: Ahi, Rohgah, Hubbah an Aram.

Teh boy kitties uv his bruvver Helem: Zophah, Imna, Shelesh an Amal.

The boy kitties uv Zophah: Suah, Harnepher, Shual, Beri, Imrah,

Bezer, Hod, Shamma, Shilshah, Ithran an Beera. Zophah wuz one bizzy hooman!

Teh boy kitties uv Jether: Jephunneh, Pispah an Ara.

Teh boy kitties uv Ulla: Arah, Hanniel and Rizia.

undefined

Benjmin waz de fater ov Bela hiz frstbrn, Ashbel de seknd sun, Aharah de thurd,

Nohah de furth and Rapha de fith

De sunz ov Bela wuz Addar, Gera, Abihud,

Abishua, Naaman, Ahoa,

Gera, Shephuphan and Huram.

Dese be teh sunz ov Ehud (dey be de hed kittehs of de faters houzez ov the kittehs of Geba, and dey wuz karried into ex1le to Manahath):

Dey be Naaman,Ahijah, and Gera, aka Heglam, fater ov Uzza and Ahihud.

And den Shaharaim be de fater of sunz in the lanz ov Moab, after he dun thro out Hushim and Baara his wiveses.

He be de fater ov sunz by Hodesh hiz yfe: Jobab, Zibia, Mesha, Malcam,

Jeuz, Sachia, and Mirmah. Dese be hiz sunz, hedz of faters houses.

He also de fater ov sunz by Hushim: dey be Abitub and Elpaal.

Teh sunz ov Elpaal, dey be: Eber, Misham, and Shemed, de billder ov Ono and Lod wif de townz,

and Beriah and Shema (dey be de hed kittehs ov de faters houzez ov the kittehs ov Aijalon, dat maded dey kittehs of Gath runz awayz);

and Ahio, Shashak, and Jeremoth.

And DEN dere waz teh Zebadiah, Arad, Eder,

Michael, Ishpah, and Joha dat be de sons ov Beriah.

And den dere be teh Zebadiah (de nuvva wun), Meshullam, Hizki, Heber,

Ishmerai, Izliah, and Jobab dat were de sons of Elpaal.

And DEN dere waz Jakim, Zichri, Zabdi,

Elienai, Zillethai, Eliel,

Adaiah, Beraiah, and Shimrath dat were teh sunz ov Shimei.

And DEN dere wuz teh Ishpan, Eber, Eliel,

Abdon, Zichri, Hanan,

Hananiah, Elam, Anthothijah,

Iphdeiah, and Penuel dat be de sunz ov Shashak.

Shamsherai, Shehariah, Athaliah,

And DEN finally (OMG how many kittehs!!1!) Jaareshiah, Elijah, and Zichri be de sunz ov Jeroham.

AWL DESE be de teh hed kittehs ov faters houses, by de timez, and de be boss kittehs. And dey was at teh Jerusalem.

Jeiel (the daddyz uv Gibeon) Ownd a hause een Gibeon. Heez life-cat wuz Maacah,

an heez oldust kitteh wuz Abdon. Jeiel’s uder kittehs wur Zur, Kish, Baal, Ner, Nadab,

Gedor, Ahio, Zechariah,

an Mikloth, ze daddy uv Shimeam. All deez families lived neer eetch uder een Jerusalem.

Ner wuz ze daddy uv Kish. Kish wuz ze daddy uv Saul. Saul wuz ze daddy uv Jonathan, Malkishua, Abinadab, an Esh-baal.

Jonathan wuz ze daddy uv Merib-baal. Merib-baal wuz ze daddy uv Micah.

Micah wuz ze daddy uv Pithon, Melech, Tahrea, an Ahaz.

undefined

Moza wuz ze daddy uv Binea. Binea wuz ze daddy uv Rephaiah. Rephaiah wuz ze daddy uv Eleasah. Eleasah wuz ze daddy uv Azel.

Azel maed six kittehz: Azrikam, Bokeru, Ishmael, Sheariah, Obadiah, an Hanan. Dez wur ze kittehz uv Azel.

undefined

Dey figgured owt Isreel wit genieawlgies an putted dem in da book of kings of Isreel an Judah was taked prismer. Dey taked Judah to baablon for missing teh litter box.

Naow da kittehs dere first wuz Isreel, da preests, levites an nethinim.

In joosalem was kittehs of Judah an Benji an Emfram an Mamnasee;

Uthai, boy-kitteh of Amihood, teh boy-kitteh of Omri, teh boy-kitteh of Imri, teh boy-kitteh Bani, of teh kittehs of Perez who was teh boy-kitteh of Judah.

An tehn, of teh Shillonights: I-say-uh teh oldest kitteh, an his boy-kittehs.

An tehn, of teh boy-kittehs of Zerah: Jewel, an der six hundred ninety littermates.

An tehn, of teh boy-kittehs of Benjamin: Sallu teh boy-kitteh of Meshullam, teh boy-kitteh of Hodaviah, teh boy-kitteh of Hassenuah,

an tehn, Ibneiah teh boy-kitteh of Jeroham, an Elah teh boy-kitteh of Uzzi, teh boy-kitteh of Michri, an Meshullam teh boy-kitteh of Shephatiah, teh boy-kitteh of Reuel, teh boy-kitteh of Ibnijah;

an der nine hundred fifty-six brudders an sisters, by what litter dey came from. All teh kittehs wuz teh leaders of der daddies packs.

Plus, of teh preests: Jedaiah, an Jehoiarib, Jachin,

an tehn Azariah teh boy-kitteh of Hilkiah, teh boy-kitteh of Meshullam, teh boy-kitteh of Zadok, teh boy-kitteh of Meraioth, teh boy-kitteh of Ahitub, teh President of teh house of Ceiling Cat;

an tehn Adaiah teh boy-kitteh of Jeroham, teh boy-kitteh of Pashhur, teh boy-kitteh of Malchijah, an Maasai teh boy-kitteh of Adiel, teh boy-kitteh of Jahzerah, teh boy-kitteh of Meshullam, teh boy-kitteh of Meshillemith, teh boy-kitteh of Immer;

an tehn der one thousand seven hundred sixty brudders an sisters, teh leaders of der daddies packs; xtra good kittehs for doing Ceiling Cat biznis.

An tehn of teh Levites: Shemaiah teh boy-kitteh of Hasshub, teh boy-kitteh of Azrikam, teh boy-kitteh of Hashabiah, of teh boy-kittehs of Merari;

an tehn Bakbakkar, Heresh, an Galal, an tehn Mattaniah teh boy-kitteh of Mica, teh boy-kitteh of Zichri, teh boy-kitteh of Asaph,

an tehn Obadiah teh boy-kitteh of Shemaiah, teh boy-kitteh of Galal, teh boy-kitteh of Jeduthun, an Berechiah teh boy-kitteh of Asa, teh boy-kitteh of Elkanah, who lurked in teh cat farms of teh Netophathites.

An tehn teh ones who carried stuff: Shallum (who carried teh cheezburgers), an Akkub, an Talmon, an Ahiman, an ther brudders an sisturs,

an dey hanged owt on teh east side of teh big cat door, cuz dey carried stuffs for Levi's kittehs.

An tehn Shallum teh boy-kitteh of Kore, teh boy-kitteh of Ebiasaph, teh boy-kitteh of Korah, an his brudders an sisters, of his daddies house, teh Korahites, were in charge or bringing teh cheezburgers an stuff, an dey garded teh hole in teh sheets: an der daddies wuz in charge of who got to go under teh sheets in teh camp of Jehovah.

An teh other day, Phinehas teh boy-kitteh of Eleazar was teh awesumest, an Jehovah was his BFF.

Zechariah teh boy-kitteh of Meshelemiah bringded teh stuff for teh party.

There was tons of kittehs that had to bring stuff to teh party; somebody counted two hundred twelve. Dey got counted from teh papers, an David an Samuel teh psychic kitteh said it was okay fur dem to bring stuff cuz dey wur gud kittehs.

So dose kittehs an der little kittens were in charge of Jehovah's cat door, an even teh openings in teh tent fort.

An tehn teh Itty Bitteh Kitteh Committeh For Carrying Cheezburgers And Stuff had teh place surrounded.

An der brudders an sisters an mommies an daddies came to visit dem every week:

cuz teh four bestest kittehs on teh Committeh were Levites, an nobody suspected a thing an dey got to go in teh bedroom an in teh kitchen an teh pantry at Ceiling Cat's house.

An tehn dey scratched at teh windose of Ceiling Cat's house an sat on teh mat in front of teh cat door, cuz der job wuz to inspect teh kittehs an goggies dat go in an owt evry day.

An tehn sum of dem wuz in charge of teh cheezburger boxes; an kittehs watched teh cheezburger boxes go back an forth thru teh cat door.

An tehn sum kittehs wuz in charge of teh scratching posts an teh kitteh beds, an some wuz in charge of all teh dishes for teh fuds, an teh milk an teh catnip an stuff.

An tehn sum of teh boy-kittehs of teh preests maekded buckets of catnip sauce.

An tehn teh Levite kitteh Mattithiah, who wuz Shallum teh Korahite's oldest kitteh, wuz in charge of stuff baked in pans, like meatloaf.

An tehn some of teh Kohathite kittehs wuz in charge of making teh cheezburger buns evry Caturday.

An tehn dese are teh singers, teh best Levite kittehs in der daddies houses, an dey just sat around an cried for pets all day cuz dey didn't have jobs.

FYI: dese are teh best Levite kittehs in der daddies houses from every litter, teh bestest kittehs: dey stayeded at Jerusalem.

An tehn in Gibeon wuz teh daddy of Gibeon, Jeiel, wif his lady-cat Maacah:

an tehn his first boy-kitteh Abdon, an more peeps: Zur, an Kish, an Baal, an Ner, an Nadab,

an tehn Gedor, an Ahio, an Zechariah, oh, an Mikloth too.

An tehn Mikloth maeded Shimeam. An plus, tehn dey sleeped in Jerusalem wif der brudders an sisturs, snuggled up wif other brudders an sisturs.

An tehn Ner maded Kish; an Kish maded Saul; an Saul maded Jonathan, an Malchishua, an, um, Abinadab and Eshbaal, IIRC.

An tehn teh boy-kitteh of Jonathan wuz Merib-baal; an Merib-baal maeded Micah.

An Micah's Itty Bitty Boy-Kitteh Committeh: Pithon, an Melech, an Tahrea, an Ahaz.

An tehn Ahaz maeded Jarah; an Jarah maeded Alemeth, an Azmaveth, an Zimri; an Zimri maeded Moza;

an tehn Moza maeded Binea; an Rephaiah his boy-kitteh, Eleasah his boy-kitteh, Azel his boy-kitteh.

undefined

Philistiines sed, "Israel have no chance to survive make your time!"  Israel saids they did not want.  They runned away, but some gotts'd pwnt on Mt. Gilboa anywayz.

Philistines chased Saul and his peeplz.  When dey pwnt Jonathan, Abinadab, and Malchishua, Saul's peeplz,

Dey strtd to pwn Saul.  Saul got arrow'd by da Philistines's elfs.

Saul told his squire-cat to pwn him with a sword, so da uncut bitchiz could not has pwn him more, but da squire-cat was all like, "Wtf!?" so Saul pwnt hisseff,

Which made squire-cat go, "WTF!?" even more, so he pwnt hisseff too.

So, yeah, Saul's whole family got pwnt rly fast.

When the Israel-cats saw Saul and his peeplz dead, they went, "Wtf!?" like squire-cat, but they just ran away.  Philistines taked the left cities.

Next day, da Philistines went to lewt the bodeez.  Dey found Saul and his peeplz on Mt. Gilboa.

Dey took their headz, clothingz, and armorz.  Dey bringed it all around Philistinesburg.

Dey put the armorz in a place for their ceiling-cats, and da headz on a stick in a temple on Dagon.

When da peeplz of Jabesh-Gilead herd how pwnt Saul got,

Their fighter-class-cats lewted Saul and his peeplz'z bodies back to Jabesh.  Dey berried da bonez under a tree and fasted for a whole freakin' week!  Wtf!?

So Saul died for not doing Ceiling Cat's will, and for listening to a necro,

undefined

all israel came togethr 2 david at hebron an sed, "we r ur own flesh an blood.

in da past, even while saul wuz king, u wuz teh wan hoo led israel on their military campaigns. An teh lord ur invisible man sed 2 u, u will sheferd mah peeps israel, an u will become their rulr. "

when all teh elders ov israel had come 2 king david at hebron, he made compact wif them at hebron before teh lord, an they anointd david king ovar israel, as teh lord had promisd thru samuel. David pwnz jerusalem

david an all teh israelitez marchd 2 jerusalem (dat iz, jebus). Teh jebusiets hoo livd thar

sed 2 david, "u will not git in her." anywaiz, david pwnt teh fortres ov zion, teh city ov david.

david had sed, "whoevr leadz teh raid on teh jebusiets will become gild leedr." joab son ov zeruiah rushd teh jebusiets, an so he getz to b gild leedr.

david den campd in da fortres, an so it wuz calld teh city ov david.

he bilt up teh city around it, frum teh supportin terracez 2 teh surroundin wall, while joab restord teh rest ov teh city.

an david became moar an moar powerful, cuz Ceiling Cat wuz wif him. Davidz mighty doodz

thees wuz teh chiefs ov davidz mighty doodz—they, togethr wif all israel, gaev his kingship strong support 2 extend it ovar teh whole land, as teh lord had promisd

dis ar teh teh list ov davidz mighty doodz:
Jashobeam, hacmonite, wuz chief ov teh officers ; he raisd his spear against 3 hundrd doodz, whom he killd in wan encountr.

next 2 him wuz eleazar son ov dodai teh ahohite, wan ov teh 3 mighty doodz.

he wuz wif david at pas dammim when teh filistinez gatherd thar 4 battle. At place wer thar wuz field full ov barley, teh troops fld frum teh filistinez.

but they took their stand in da middle ov teh field. They defendd it an struck teh filistinez down, an teh lord brought bout great victory.

3 ov teh thirty chiefs came down 2 david 2 teh rawk at teh cave ov adullam, while band ov filistinez wuz encampd in da valley ov refaim.

at dat tiem david wuz in da stronghold, an teh filistine garrison wuz at bethlehem.

david longd 4 watr an sed, "oh, dat someone wud git me drink ov watr frum teh well near teh gate ov bethlehem!"

so teh 3 broke thru teh filistine linez, drew watr frum teh well near teh gate ov bethlehem an carrid it bak 2 david. But he refusd 2 drink it; instead, he pourd it out before teh lord.

"invisible man forbid dat i shud do dis!" he sed. "shud i drink teh blood ov thees doodz hoo went at teh risk ov their livez?" cuz they riskd their livez 2 brin it bak, david wud not drink it.
Such wuz teh hax ov teh 3 mighty doodz.

abishai teh brothr ov joab wuz chief ov teh 3. He raisd his spear against 3 hundrd doodz, whom he killd, an so he became as famous as teh 3.

he wuz doubly honord aboov teh 3 an became their commandr, even though he wuz not includd among them.

benaiah son ov jehoiada wuz valiant fightr frum kabzeel, hoo performd great exploits. He struck down 2 ov moabs best doodz. He also went down into pit on snowy dai an killd lion.

an he struck down an egyptian hoo wuz 7 an half feet tall. Although teh egyptian had spear liek weavers rod in his hand, benaiah went against him wif club. He snatchd teh spear frum teh egyptianz hand an killd him wif his own spear.

such wuz teh exploits ov benaiah son ov jehoiada; he 2 wuz as famous as teh 3 mighty doodz.

he wuz held in greatr honor than any ov teh thirty, but he wuz not includd among teh 3. An david put him in charge ov his bodyguard.

teh mighty doodz wuz: asahel teh brothr ov joab, elhanan son ov dodo frum bethlehem,

shammoth teh harorite, helez teh pelonite,

ira son ov ikkesh frum tekoa, abiezr frum anathoth,

sibbecai teh hushathite, ilai teh ahohite,

maharai teh netofathite, held son ov baanah teh netofathite,

ithai son ov ribai frum gibeah in benjamin, benaiah teh pirathonite,

hurai frum teh ravinez ov gaash, abiel teh arbathite,

azmaveth teh baharumite, eliahba teh shaalbonite,

teh sons ov hashem teh gizonite, jonathan son ov shagee teh hararite,

ahiam son ov sacar teh hararite, elifal son ov ur,

hefr teh mekerathite, ahijah teh pelonite,

hezro teh carmelite, naarai son ov ezbai,

joel teh brothr ov nathan, mibhar son ov hagri,

zelek teh ammonite, naharai teh berothite, teh armor-bearr ov joab son ov zeruiah,

ira teh ithrite, gareb teh ithrite,

uriah teh hittite, zabad son ov ahlai,

adina son ov shiza teh reubenite, hoo wuz chief ov teh reubenitez, an teh thirty wif him,

hanan son ov maacah, joshafat teh mithnite,

uzzia teh ashterathite, shama an jeiel teh sons ov hotham teh aroerite,

jediael son ov shimri, his brothr joha teh tizite,

eliel teh mahavite, jeribai an joshaviah teh sons ov elnaam, ithmah teh moabite,

undefined

These wuz teh kittehs hoo caem to David chillin' at Ziklag, wen he wuz banishd by Saul kitten uv Kish (David can haz dair halp in battul

cuz they cud shuut arrowz an stonz wid rite or lef pawz; they wuz frum Saul fambly frum teh trieb uv Benjamin).

Wat a mob uv dem! An dey cum frum all over.  Heere R dair namz: Ahiezer dair bosscat, Joash sunz uv Shemaah teh Gibeathite; Jeziel an Pelet sunz uv Azmaveth; Beracah, Jehu teh Anathothite

Ishmaiah teh Gibeonite, 1 tuff d00d an anodder bosscat; Jeremiah, Jahaziel, Johanan, Jozabad teh Gederathite

Eluzai, Jerimoth, Bealiah, Shemariah an Shephatiah teh Haruphite

Elkanah, Isshiah, Azarel, Joezer an Jashobeam teh Korahites

an Joelah an Zebadiah sunz uv Jeroham frum Gedor.  I hoap I sai thoze namz rite.  If not - sorri bout dat.

Sum Gadites ran awai 2 lik David's fur at hiz dezert fortrus. Dey waz lieks to fite wiv soards.  Deyr faces waz liek lions and dey ran fast liek gazellz.

Cat Army reporting in! Ezer wuz chief, Obadiah #2 boss kat, Eliab nummer 3.

Mishmannah wuz fourf, Jeremiah wuz fif,

Attai wuz sixcks, Eliel wuz sebbenth,

Johanan wuz ate, Elzabad wuz nynth,

Jeremiah wuz tent an Macbannai wuz elebbnth. Srsly.

Deez Gaditez were commanderz; they totally pwned, the leest pwned a hundred, the graitest pwned a thousand. Srsly.

It wuz dey hoo croxxed teh ribber Jordan, an sayd 2 teh peepul in teh valleyz, "no u can't haz dis land. GTFO srsly kbai."

There wuz odder Benjaminites and soem kittehs from Judah hoo also caem 2 David in hiz foart.

And teh David goed out to sayed 'Ohai!!1" and stufz and sayed if u mens came nice to halp me an U can has cher of mah cookies or bukkit; but if u bad mens, Ceiling Cat luks n sezz go wai!

And den Asamai get relijin and he sayz we like u David, sun uv Jesse. srsly.  Weer nummer 1! And then David made dem bosscatz.

An tehn summ kittehz frum Manasseh falled to David wehn David bringed Filisteens 2 battul Saul.  Bastards said no can has help. Lord uv Filistines sayz they will fallded to Saul.

An he went 2 Ziklag (I swaer. No made up that name) and there falleded lots of guys wit funny namez hoo wuz captain-kittehs uv teh Manasseh cat-tribe.

They haz helpd David agenst raiding bandz, cuz all uv themz werr braev warriorz & srsly pwned. Rly.  Srsly.

Mor menz caem to help David, until hiz army big an srsly pwnz. Srsly, liek a Ceiling Cat army.

Lookit da siz uv David's armi, as he com 2 taek Saul's bukkit and lannd and sheepz an stuff.

He can has kittehz of Judah, they can haz sheeld n spear- 6,800 reddi 4 catfite;

an he gotz fiter-cats of Simeon, all abouts fiten- 7,100;

an mor warrier-katz of Levi- 4,600,

pluss also Jehoiada 2, leeder uv Aaronz place, with 3,700 sword-kittehs,

an a kitteh naemd Zadok wit mad fiten skeelz, an bout 22 ocifferz from hiz place;

an mor manz of Saul's brudder Benjamin- 3K, mostest of themz wuz friendz uv Saul up til then;

an mor kitts uv Ephraim, that wuz srsly crazee braev warriorz, all fameus an stuff- bout 20K;

plus lotz of fight-cats frum Manasseh, calld out for to make David bosscat- 18K;

plus these kitties of Issachar, they wuz all liek, "yea, we no wut Israel iz sposed to do" — 200 bosscatz, an has there kittehz an stuff;

an catz of Zebulun, mad crazee warriorz rdy to srsly pwn u in teh face an can has all kind of sordz an thingz, that was all tight with David an wuz gon help- 50K;

an kittehsz of Naphtali- 1K ocifferz, what with 37K manz can haz shieldz and spearz;

kittez of Dan (i no this getz srsly old, but almost dun), r all up for fiten - 28K or so;

an gotz fiter-cats of Asher, rdy to srsly pwn - 40K;

an frm othr side Jordan, katz of Reuben, Gad an teh other Manasseh cat-treibz, wat haz all kind sword an stuff-120K. Woah! serious zerg.

These gaiz wuz all gonna fite cuz tehy wantd to, not cuz tehy wuz told or somthin. So tehy come to Hebron all rdy to made David bosscat of Israel. Teh other Israelites wuz witt tehm.

The soljah-kittehs wuz drinkin wif David 4 three dayz, an havin cheezburgerz, their familiez made picnic lunchz forr tehm.

undefined

David had HOOJ talk wif each ov him peeps, teh leaders ov both teh Pwn3rs an teh Hax0rs.

He den sed 2 teh whole group ov teh Israelites ov teh city of Israel, "If it seems gud 2 U an if it teh will of Ceilin Cat, let us send werd far an wide 2 teh rest ov teh Israelites, 2 come an join us 4 Cookiez an Cheezburgers.

Let us git teh Hummr ov R Ceilin Cat bak, 4 we did not ask "WTF?" ov it while Saul wuz in charge.  SRSLY."

All teh Israelites  wuz liek "K Dood!", cuz it seemd 2 be rite. An they wuz all n00bs.  SRSLY.

So David brought togethr all teh Israelitez, frum teh funny lookin tree on teh cornr ov 4TH an 5TH Avenue, 2 teh Arby's down teh street, 2 brin teh Hummr ov Ceilin Cat frum Kiriath Jearim.

David an all teh Israelitez went 2 Kiriath Jearim 2 git bak teh Hummr of Ceilin Cat, 4 Ceilin Cat lost it while sprin cleanin.

They movd teh Hummr of Ceilin Cat frum Abinadab's houz , wif Uzzah an Ahio drivin it.

David an all teh Israelitez wuz celebratin liek it wuz 1999, an Ceilin Cat wuz totally diggin it.  Ceilin Cat also got jiggy wif it.

When they came 2 teh sharpest turn in da land of Kidon, Uzzah spilld him Vanilla Coke on teh leather interior. SRSLY.

Ceilin Cat wuz vry angry wif Uzzah, an Ceilin Cat pwn3d him thar an den.  Ceilin Cat sed "Dat interior cost me EXTRA, so nao U pai!", so Uzzah wuz 
pwn3d, an den pwn3d again 4 gud measure, an all teh while, Ahio iz thinkin "Uzzah is such a n00b.  I pwn!" inside him head, but no wan iz carin. SRSLY.

Den David wuz angry cuz Ceilin Cat's pwnage had brokd out against Uzzah instead of Ahio, hoo David thinkz iz crazy cause Ahio talkz 2 himself.

David wuz afraid ov Ceilin Cat dat dai an askd, "How can I evr brin teh Hummr ov Ceilin Cat 2 mah home without pwnage?"

He did not taek teh Hummr 2 be wif him in da city of David. Instead, him took it aside 2 teh houz of Obd-Edom teh Gittite.

undefined

Nows Hiram king of Tires IMded David, also wit scratching posts, rock stackers and woodzmakers to make himz a cardboard box.

And David knew dat Celing Cat had madz him 15lbd Cat in 5lbs box over da Jewz and thatz hiz kingdom had been Cheezburgrzed for the sake of his Jewz.

In Drewsalem David took more places for hairballs and made smore kittens.

Hiz Kittenzs was named: Shammua, Shobab, Nathan, Solomon,

Ibhar, Elishua, Elpelet,

Nogah, Nepheg, Japhia,

Elishama, Beeliada [a] and Eliphelet.

Dumb dogz heard that David had been made head cat of the Jewz, they were not amused, They wants make Trap, but David heardz bout dat and went to your yard to start a gang.

Now the Supit Dowgz raided the Valley of Rephaim;

So David axt Celing Cat: "Shall I Make traps for da dawgs? Will you helps me trap dowgs?" Celing Cat sayz, "Go, I gives you Trapz."

So David and Monorail Cat and Hover Cat and Door Cat wentz up to Baal Perazim, and there day made trapz and trapzed the Dawgz. He said, "As I makes peepee, Celing Cat has pwned my enemies wit me pawz." So dat place was called Baal Perazim. [b]

The Stupid Dawgs had abandoned their gods there, so David say Use lazrs and cast fireballz at dem.

Ugg Stupid Dawgs attak again;

so David say "hey Celing Cat wtf?, and Celing Cat say, "Do not attack str8 on like Banzi Cat , but make circles round and they will be like unspecting cat and will suspect nothing.

Soon as you hearz paws, makes traps, because that meanz Celing Cat Was in you valleyz  with BFG shootn' at your Dawgz."

David cat does as Celing Cat says, an day pwned the noob dawgs army, all the way from Gibeon to Gezer.

undefined

Whenz David builded de homez four heemselfz in de City of David, he prepearded a place four de ark of Ceiling Cat and peached a tent four itz. (Cuz David no wantz ark wetz cuz Ceiling Cat mai be taken heez bucket)

Den David sedz nobodiez butz de Levites carry de ark cuz Ceiling Cat choseded demz four der gr8 cheezburgers.

David assembled all ofz Israel inz Jerusalem to bring up Ceiling Cat's special ark inz de place David prepeard four itz

he calld togethr teh descendants ov aaron an teh levitez:

frum teh descendants ov kohath, Uriel teh leadr an 120 relativez;

frum teh descendants ov merari, Asaiah teh leadr an 220 relativez;

frum teh descendants ov gershon, [a] Joel teh leadr an 130 relativez;

frum teh descendants ov elizafan, Shemaiah teh leadr an 200 relativez;

frum teh descendants ov hebron, Eliel teh leadr an 80 relativez;

frum teh descendants ov uzziel, Amminadab teh leadr an 112 relativez.

den david summond zadok an abiathar teh priests, an uriel, asaiah, joel, shemaiah, eliel an amminadab teh levitez.

he sed 2 them, "u r teh headz ov teh levitical familiez; u an ur fellow levitez r 2 consecrate yourselvez an brin up teh ark ov teh lord, teh ceilin cat ov israel, 2 teh place i has prepard 4 it.

it wuz cuz u, teh levitez, did not brin it up teh furst tiem dat teh lord r ceilin cat broke out in angr against us. We did not inquire ov him bout how 2 do it in da prescribd wai."

so teh priests an levitez consecratd themselvez in ordr 2 brin up teh ark ov teh lord, teh ceilin cat ov israel.

an teh levitez carrid teh ark ov ceilin cat wif teh polez on their shoulders, as mosez had commandd in accordance wif teh werd ov teh lord.

david told teh leaders ov teh levitez 2 appoint their brothers as singers 2 sing joyful songs, accompanid by musical instruments: lyrez, harps an cymbals.

so teh levitez appointd heman son ov joel; frum his brothers, asaf son ov berekiah; an frum their brothers teh meraritez, ethan son ov kushaiah;

an wif them their brothers next in rank: zechariah, [b] jaaziel, shemiramoth, jehiel, unni, eliab, benaiah, maaseiah, mattithiah, elifelehu, mikneiah, obd-edom an jeiel, [c] teh gatekeepers.

teh musicianz heman, asaf an ethan wuz 2 sound teh bronze cymbals;

zechariah, aziel, shemiramoth, jehiel, unni, eliab, maaseiah an benaiah wuz 2 pulay teh lyrez accordin 2 alamoth , [d]

an mattithiah, elifelehu, mikneiah, obd-edom, jeiel an azaziah wuz 2 pulay teh harps, directin accordin 2 sheminith . [e]

kenaniah teh head levite wuz in charge ov teh singin; dat wuz his responsibility cuz he wuz skillful at it.

berekiah an elkanah wuz 2 be doorkeepers 4 da ark.

shebaniah, joshafat, nethanel, amasai, zechariah, benaiah an eliezr teh priests wuz 2 blow trumpets before teh ark ov ceilin cat. Obd-edom an jehiah wuz also 2 be doorkeepers 4 da ark.

so david an teh elders ov israel an teh commanders ov units ov thousand went 2 brin up teh ark ov teh covenant ov teh lord frum teh houz ov obd-edom, wif rejoicin.

cuz ceilin cat had helpd teh levitez hoo wuz carryin teh ark ov teh covenant ov teh lord, 7 bulls an 7 rams wuz sacrificd.

nao david wuz clothd in robe ov fine linen, as wuz all teh levitez hoo wuz carryin teh ark, an as wuz teh singers, an kenaniah, hoo wuz in charge ov teh singin ov teh choirs. David also wore linen efod.

so all israel brought up teh ark ov teh covenant ov teh lord wif shouts, wif teh soundin ov rams horns an trumpets, an ov cymbals, an teh playin ov lyrez an harps.

undefined

Tehy bringed teh box of Ceiling Cat in tu teh howse taht Dayvid maked for it, an tehy burnd teh cheezburgurz beefor it an Ceiling Cat.

Aftr Dayvid burnd teh cheezburgurz an Ceiling Cat eated dem, Dayvid petz teh kittehs in teh naem of Ceiling Cat.

Tehn he gived tehm soem cheezburgurz of veri own tu all teh kittehs.

He teled sum of teh Levite kittehs tu purr in frunt of teh box of Ceiling Cat, an tu ask for stuf, an tu say thank u, an tu say yay for Ceiling Cat:

Asaph wuz hed kitteh, Zechariah wuz sekond-best kitteh, then Jeiel, Shemiramoth, Jehiel, Mattithiah, Eliab, Benaiah, Obed-Edom and Jeiel, sum of wich haz saem naem, but wuz difrent. Dey all playd lyrz, wich iz liek geetar, but not, an Asaph bangd simbals,

an Beniah an Jahaziel teh preest-kittehs bloo trumpits beefor teh box of Ceiling Cat.

Taht day, Dayvid teeched dis song tu Asaph an his doodz:

Thank teh Ceiling Cat, an say o hai; tell all teh kittehs waht he haz dun.

Sing tu Ceiling Cat, say yay tu him; tell bowt teh cheezburgerz he haz made.

Say hiz naem iz awsum; an lookin for Ceiling Cat iz grate.

Ceiling Cat iz strawng (grr); look for hiz fase.

Rememburz teh cheezburgurz he haz made, hiz awsums an hiz smites,

O kittenz of Izreel hiz minyuns, O kittenz of Jaykob, hiz choozd wuns.

He iz Ceiling Cat; hiz smites iz all over teh urths.

He rememburs promis alwayz, teh wurdz he sayd, for thowsunz of teh kittenz of kittenz,

teh promis he maked Aybraham, an also teh promis he maked Izak.

He promisd moar tu Jaykob, an tu Izreel as a forehvur promis:

"Tu u I givs teh land of Caynan as teh part u inherits."

Wen dey wuz a small numbur, veri small, an also wuz ileegal imeegrants,

An dey goed from nayshun to naysun, from wun howze to uddr

Him not let any human make him do stuf; for helps dem him insults kings

"No tuchez my wuns wif anoyntment; no hurts my profets. srsly."

Sing fr teh Ceiling Cat, all of teh urf; say him has liek 9 bazillion lievs.

Say him iz awsum in dem nashuns, his awsum deeds to all dem peeps.

Cuz teh Ceiling Cat iz srsly awsum an worthy ov prayz; him iz more scary dem all teh gods.

Cuz all teh othr gods r faek, but teh Ceiling Cat maked teh ceiling.

Him seez gud an awsum thins; strawng and hapee thins iz in hiz hows.

All yuz peeps, yuz gives nos dat teh Ceiling Cat iz srsly awsum an rly strawng 2,

an gives him teh cheezburgrz cuz him so awsum, yuz evin gotta, liek, wrship teh Ceiling Cat, k?

All ov teh urfs, BE VERY SCAERD!

So lets teh ceilings be vry hapee, an teh urfs be vry hapee tu; an lets dem say, "TEH CEILING CAT IZ AWSUM!"

An lets teh waturz an all dos fings dat r in teh waturz be hapee; lets teh feelds an all teh fings in dem be hapee tu.

Cuz den teh trees ov teh forests singz, dey gunna sing fr hapeeness in frunt ov teh Ceiling Cat, cuz he coems tu see hoo iz gud an hoo iz bad.

An givez teh Ceiling Cat fankingz, cuz him iz gud; An he loevs all teh kittehs.

Yuz gots tu say, "Saevs me, Oh Ceiling Cat, teh Saevr; gets all ov us an takes us frum teh nayshuns, so dat we can be liek 'Yu iz awsum'."

Teh Ceiling Cat iz teh TopCat ov Israel, so yuz praysez him, frever. Srsly. Den all teh kittehs wuz liek, "Yu iz rite" an "Teh Ceiling Cat iz awsum."

So David wuz liek, "Kthxbai," an he goed hoem, but all teh kittehs in Asaph praeyd an stuf every day, cuz dats wut David telled dem tu du.

He also telled 68 peeps an Obed-Edom tu helps dem pray. Obed-Edom, teh sun ov Jeduthun, an Hosah, wuz teh kittehs hoo garded teh gaet.

Ded David leeved Zadok, teh preest, an sum uddr preests tu worships teh Ceiling Cat in Gibeon

tu gives teh cheezburgz tu teh Ceiling Cat, but dey wuz bernd cheezburgz. Iz not liek teh berned cheezburgrz, but dey did it evry day, tu tiems, cuz dat wuz wut teh Ceiling Cat telled dem tu du in Israel.

An Heman an Jeduthun wer wif dem, an sum uddr kittehs hoo fanked teh Ceiling Cat, "cuz him loevs frevr." Sept goldfish. Teh Ceiling Cat no luvs goldfish.

An Heman an Jeduthud had tu blow teh trumpets an play teh simbals an stuf fr teh Ceiling Cat. An teh suns ov Jeduthud wer at teh gaet.

undefined

Dayvid waz chilin in hiz kasel, an he wuz liek, "O hai, Naythun teh Profet, u kno, it kinda sux dat I iz livin in dis sweet kasel of seedar, wen teh Box of Ceiling Cat iz stuk wif a tent."

Den Naythun wuz all liek, "Dood, do wutehvar u want cuz Ceiling Cat is wif u."

Taht nite, Ceiling Cat caem to Naythun teh Profet an wuz all liek:

"Hay! U go an tellz Dayvid, 'Dis iz waht I sayz: U iz not teh dood who iz gunna bild mah hows.

I haz beed homlehs sins I freez dem Jewz outa Egipt. I haz mooved frum wun playse to nother.

Wherehvar I haz gon, haz I evar sayed, 'Hay! I can haz seedar hows? Bild it now, beetches!' No. I haz not.'

"So u tellz mah minyun Dayvid, 'Dis waht I sayz: I taked u frum teh sheeps an frum falloin other sheeps to be ruler ovar Izreel.

I haz beed wif u wherehvar u haz goed, an I haz smoted ur enamees. Now I iz gunna maek u liek totalee awhsums.

An also I iz gunna maek a playse for teh peepuls of Izreel to chil so taht dey iz not bawtherd. Bad peepuls not opresins dem, liek at teh behginins,

an liek all teh tiem. Iz getin old. So I iz gunna smote sum moar enamees. I sayz taht Ceiling Cat bild u hows.

"'Wen ur dayz iz ovar an u go to chil wif ur dadz, I iz gunna rize up wun of ur kittenz an giv him Izreel to rool.

Hee iz gunna bild mah hows, an I iz gunna maek hiz Izreel live forehvars.

I iz gunna be hiz dad, an hee be mah kitten. I not say, 'No loev for u!' liek I did to ur ansestor.

I iz gunna set him up as rooler ovar mah hows an Izreel forehvar. An ehvar. Srsly.'"

An Naythun teh Profet sayd all of teh rehvulashun to Dayvid.

Then Dayvid went to Ceilin' Cat and axed "Ooooooooooh Cielin' Cat... Who I is and what is my kittunz that you have maked me go so long ways?

And sos as if it wered not enuffs in ur masturbation peepingz, mighty Ceilin' Cat, yous has sayed promisz of cheezburgers to loyal LOLcats likez mah. Joo has watchd me masturbatez as though I wered da most pwnz0rs of kats, O Cielin' Cat.

Wai wood Dayvid wanna sez sum more stuffs to yooz bout ur servants?  U noze ur him, right?

Thhx ceilin cat 4 teh tings 4 the servant and stuff, an nao all de lolcats no yooz an ur promisez.

O Ceiling Cat, you can has no ekwal, an yous is teh 1 Ceiling Cat, as me hears wif mah ears.

An who iz your kittehs ? 1 litter that Ceiling Cat has come an gave cheezburgerz, an teh kittehz has a name and they has bad ass reputaeshuns. An teh litter has freedum from the hunger, for teh Ceiling Cat has maeked the cheezburger.

U has maed the Kittehs yur kittehs n all yurs, n U has become their Ceiling Cat.

O Ceiling Cat, you has gave us yur word, n yur dood n hiz peeps will keep yur word liek forevar.

If u sayz I can has a cheezburger den I can has a cheezburger. Den teh peeps will be liek "OMG Cielng Cat pwnz !!!" Den mah lolcats r yur lolcats.

Youz, in teh ceiling, watching me maztarbate, has promized mah a reservashun. N yur kittah can says "Lol, Ceiling Cat is teh win."

O Ceiling Cat, you has the pwnage n u will maked cookies n cheezburgers 4 yur kittahs.

undefined

So den David totally pwnzored teh Philistines an him taked Gath an teh othr towns from teh Philistines.

Den David beated dem Mabites 2, an him maked dem his slaevs an maked dem gives him cheesburgrs.

An den, David goed to Hamath to gets all teh plas on teh Euphrates River, an him fited teh CatLord ov Zobah, Hadadezer.

So David beated him to, an taked 28000 cheesburgrs! TOTALLY AWSUM D00D! Den he kiled sum horses.

But den, teh Arameans of Damascus wats to helps Hadadezer, but David wuz liek, NO, cuz dey wer totally not gud fr him, so he maked 22000 ded.

Den he maked all teh Arameans give him cheesburgrs 2, an teh Ceiling Cat maked David win everfing everwer. Srsly.

So David takes deez gold sheelds frum Hadadezer, cuz he beated him so he cood, an he taked dem to Jerusalem.

An, he taked liek a gajillion pownds of bronze frum deez towns Tebah an Cun, an Solomon maked stuf wit dem.

Wen teh CatLord ov Hamath, hooz name wuz Tou, herd dat David wun,

he telled his sun Hadoram to go der, an Hadoram wuz liek, yu wer totally awsum, kthxby. O, an he gived him sum cheesburgrs.

Den David gived all dat stuf to teh Ceiling Cat, liek he did wif stuf frum Edom an Moab, teh Ammonites an teh Philistines, an Amalek. Cuz teh Ceiling Cat, iz, liek rly awsum.

Abishai, hoo wuz teh sun ov Zeruiah, killed 18000 Edomite peeps in teh Valley of Salt.

Den he maked all teh Edomite peeps David peeps. An teh Ceiling Cat maked Davin win everyfing everywer. Srsly.

So David wuz rulin all ov Israel, an he gived all teh peeps cheesburgrs, cuz he wuz rly c00l.

Joab, hooz fadr wuz Zeruiah, wuz rulin teh armys; Jehoshaphat, hooz dad wuz Ahilud, rote stuf down;

Zadok, teh sun ov Ahitub an Ahimelech, teh sun ov Abiathar, wer teh priests; an Shavsha wuz teh secretary;

undefined

blarg da king uv ammon iz ded.  Hanun iz new king w00t!

David wuz fren of ded king, soz he wans Hanun to know David iz srry 4 Hanun. he senz his d00dz to Hanun

hanun's d00dz r leik "OMG WTF? dey iz spies!!!!!1"

so Hanun's d00dz, dey shave david's d00ds an senz dem bak.

David's d00dz r ultra pwned, so dey hide out till fur groz bak.

David is, leik, OMG gonna kill dem ammons.  Hanun fines out and is all "OMG we needz moar d00dz

liek a millon." Hanun n hiz d00dz r redy to fite!

Den David senz out Joab, wiht all hiz d00dz.

Teh doodz uf Hanun r all about makin war n r all up n in David's face.

But den Joab is all pwned cuz dey r all round him. He iz all "Srsly, teh bestest shud fite teh Sytianz !!!"

N he wuz liek "Broham, liek taek teh rest uf teh doodz n fite Hanun."

So hiz bro iz all liek "This iz Sparta !"

Joab sez 2 him "W00t, b teh pwner, praiz Ceiling Cat, 4 den he will liek shave teh n00bs."

He den got up in teh faces of teh Syrianz n dey were all "OMG noes !" N ran like lil kittahs.

Den teh doodz uf Hanun wer liek "Where'd they go ?" N dey totally ran n hid.

So teh Syrianz wre all askin der frenz n brothahz 4 hlp cuz dey wer pwned.

David totally has sum moar kittehs n doodz 4 teh fite n he wuz liek "Lez due diz !"

He den brought teh seerius pwnage n teh Syrianz all ran n David killz like a millon charots n a billon doodz.

undefined

In teh spring, wen CatLords goes to wars, Joab goed owt wif his army. He totally killed teh land ov teh Ammonites, an den him goed to Rabbah, an attacked it, an den Rabbah wuz ded. Srsly.

Den David taked teh crown frum der kin, an it wuz liek 75 pownds, wif lots ov jools, an David puted teh crown on hiz hed. Den he taked a bunch ov cheezburgrs

an gots teh kittehs an maked dem werk fr him, an he did teh saem fing to all dem uddr towns der. Den he goed home wif hiz army.

So den, der wuz dis war wif teh Philistines, at Gezer. Der, Sibbecai teh Hushathite pwnzored dis n00b Sippai, hoo wuz frum teh Rephaites, an teh Philistines wuz, liek, subjugaeted.

Den in dis uddr battel wif teh Philistines, Elhanan, teh sun ov Jair, totaly ownd dis kitteh Lahmi, teh bruddr ov Goliath teh Gittite, hoo'z claw wuz liek totaly hooj.

An den in dis uddr battel, at Gath, der wuz dis hoooooj kitteh wif liek 12 FINGRS AN TOES!! WTF! Him wuz also frum teh Rapha peeps.

But wen him wuz tauntin Israel, dis d00d Jonathan, teh sun ov Shimea, hoo wuz teh bruddr ov David, wuz liek, "Yu iz not gud, so Iz kills yu." So den he wuz ded.

undefined

Teh sayten wuz up in Izrayl's way n david wuz all "Oh noes !!1!" Sew david thoughted "How many doodz r der ?"

Den he all getz hiz peepz n sez "Sayten will pwn us ! Do not want ! Go count all teh doodz frum teh bazemunt 2 teh rooth."

So teh dood Joab sez "Ceiling Cat can maeked moar doodz. Liek all teh doodz. Y need 2 count if dey is all Ceiling Cat's peepz ?"

But david wuz all l33t wen Joab wuz liek a n00b, so he went aut n counted. "Dis lil kitteh went 2 market, dis lil kitteh stayed hom..."

Den liek Joab wuz all "The bazemunt n da howz haz liek a millun lolcatz wif sharp claws, n teh rooth haz haffa millun lolcatz wif sharp teef."

But dat wuzn't all teh lolcatz cuz Joab didn't luk in teh closets or teh alley cuz he uz a sleepee lolcat.

Dis wuz unkewl beneath Ceiling Cat, n he wuz all liek "H4X !!1!eleven!!!"

So davd wuz liek "Ack, mah iz a bad kitteh, srsly. I can has forgiveness ?"

Ceiling Cat sed to one of davd's peepz, but not davd, cuz he wuz all mad,

"Youze tell him, n u tell him gud, dat Ceiling Cat will let him chuze his doom."

Den hiz peep sed to davd "Iz has gud nooz n iz bad nooz. Gud nooz i you can has a choyse uf tree opshuns. Teh bad nooz iz dey iz all bad opshuns."

Teh opshuns wer tree yerz uf no cheezburgerz, tree munths uf doggz chewin on all teh lolcats, or tree daze of a pizzed off Ceiling Cat wif hiz doodz all up in yur bizness.

Den david wuz all liek "Oh noes !!1! If teh doggz cum n gank my peepz der will be no luv. Teh Ceiling Cat haz teh mersea n he will liek go eaze on mah."

Den teh Ceiling Cat was liek "Gank !" n a buncha lolcatz dieded frum teh furballz.

N he sended teh emo cat 2 maek all teh lolcatz sad n stuff. But den teh Ceiling Cat saw all teh lolcats crying n mewing n he wuz liek "Do not want !1!!" Cuz teh emo cat wuz makin the lil lolkittehs crai.

David fainully noticed teh emo cat makin wif teh tears n all teh kittehs wif teh sad sadnuss. Den david n all teh wize lolcats fell down liek sum1 had used 2 much floor polish.

David wuz all liek "O Ceiling Cat, y u gotz to make mah kittehs sad n dai n stuff ? I wuz teh 1 hoo wuz teh bad kitteh. Dees lolcats r gud kittehs, did dey maek u cookiez n eated dem ? No, it wuz me who maeked u mad. Gimmme teh bad flavor."

Den teh emo cat tellz david to liek maeked teh cookie for teh Ceiling Cat, but not eated it.

Den david calld teh bestest chefs 2 maek teh cookie for teh Ceiling Cat.

But teh lolkittehs in teh kitchen saw teh emo cat n ran n hid cuz dey did not want teh bad flavor.

Den teh lolkittehs saw teh david n dey were all liek "woot."

N david sez 2 teh kittehs "Youse has a nice kichen. Gimme teh kichen for teh kookin uf teh cookies."

So teh kittehs wer liek "Anything to maek teh emo cat 2 leaf us !" N dey evn gaved teh choclet chipz 4 teh cookie.

But david was liek "Doodz, yur mkin mah look bad."

N he gived teh kittehs a foine box 2 play in.

Den david had teh bestst cooks maek teh fanseest cookie wif drk choclte chipz n fancy ngreediyenz. N teh Ceiling Cat wuz so happy he maed teh stove heat up wif no preheatin.

Den teh emo cat went to a neerbai poetry slam.

N davd wuz all liek "O Ceiling Cat, th4nx 4 stoppin teh pwnage."

Dey totally would've gone 2 tank tehCeiling Cat in persun, but he wuz readin poetry.

undefined

Tehn David sayed, Tihs is teh temple/base of teh CeilingCat, and tihs is teh litterbox of the burnted offerings for Izrael.

David also sayed 4 al teh kittehs in Izreal 2 cum build teh temple of Ceiling Cat.

David got lotsa irons for teh nails for teh cat flaps and moar metalz than all teh alley kittehs can lift.

Tehn teh kittehz were bringin David scratchign posts to build teh temple wit.

David thoughted, "Teh Ceiling Cat House taht my kitteh Solomon is will build will be better den teh bestest fish in da Urfs. But he is still littel kitteh so i has 2 get ready 4 it."

Kitteh Solomon hafs to build house 4 Ceiling Cat,

cuz his daddeh David wanted 2, but he

killed 2 many n00bs in hiz lyfe an he wasnt alowed too build it.

But Ceiling Cat telled David dat his kitteh Solomon would r00l Izreal and giv Izreal peece.

Ceiling Cat also telled David dat Solomon will rule Israel 4ever.

David sed 2 Solomon dat Ceiling Cat will hlep him maek teh temple.

Ceiling Cat will also halp David ruel Izrael.

David sed, "Solomon! if u obey teh r00lz dat Ceiling Cat gived to Moses, u is be successful.

O luk i has sum gold n silverz! maek teh temple outta taht. Plus i has bronze n iron n a bit o' woods n stone, but i eated most of it already.

OMGWTFBBQ u has lotsa n00bs 2 work 4 u!!!

Build teh temple now! Ceiling Cat b wit u."

David told teh leederz of Izreal to halp wit teh templez.

He said: "Ceiling Cat is wit u!

undefined

So, k, David gots reely reely olds n stuff. Liek SRSLY old, so fynlee he maded Solomon teh king uv Izyrail.

An he put all his doodz n preests n Levites togethr and counted dem cuz hey, it were fun two count bak then.

An he wuz all like “U gotz twoB thirtee hooman years! nOObs, GTFO!!” An dey did, An he still haz liek thirteeate thousand doodz left.

So David sed, “U guise on teh left sied, ur gunna werk for Ceiling Cat and maek His house evenshully. Teh guise in teh middel, ur gunna b officOrz an watch dem so dey maeks it rite!

U guise on teh rite, soem ur gunna stare at teh doors An maek shur no mouses gets n. Teh rest of u taek dees musics An ROXORS!!!!!”

David maded sure his Levite dOOdz wuz in tree groups, Gershon n Kohath n Merari.

Laadan n Shimei wuz Gershonites.

Laadan had tree kittehs. Dey was Jehiel n Zetham n Joel.

Shimei had tree kittehs. Dey was Shelomith n Haziel n Haran, An dey wuz all cheefs of teh fambly.

Shimei had moar kittehs. Jahath n Zina n Jeush n Beriah.

Jahath wuz furst An Zizah wuz secund. But Jeush n Beriah did not haz many kittehs so dey wuz both three ... maths r dumb that wai.

Kohaths foar kittehs wuz Amram n Izhar n Hebron n Uzziel.

Amrams kittehs wuz Aaron n Moses An dey wuz speshul membr? Dey gotz to do teh holy stuffs allatime, an ofur cheezburgrz befoar teh Ceiling Cat, forEVAR.

Ceiling Cat An dem wuz BFF always. Pretty kool fambly huh?

So Mosesz kittehs wuz Gershom n Eliezer.

Gershoms kitteh wuz Shebuel.

An Eliezers kitteh wuz Rehabiah.  Eliezer had no moar kittehs, but Rehabiah had LOTS so no worriez.

Izhars furst kitteh wuz Shelomith.

Hebrons foar kittehs wuz Jeriah n Amariah n Jahaziel n Jekameam.

Uzziels two kittehs wuz Micah n Isshiah

Meraris kittehs wuz Mahli n Mushi. Mahlis kittehs wuz Eleazar n Kish.

But Eleazar onlee had gurlz and den he crossed teh rainbow bridge to Ceiling Cat, but Kishz kittehs loveded teh gurlz so Kish wuz theyr forevar home, how nice!

Mushis kittehs wuz Mahli n Eder n Jeremoth.

Iz dat alla dem? OMG dats allota Levites! An David was all liek, “Iz sry nOObs, u onlee gotsta haz twentee hooman yrs, not thirtee so coem bak plzkthx!” So I gess der wuz even MOAR ppl!

So David sed, “Ceiling Cat haz gives us dis bit of floor foar always,

so my Levite dOOdz doez not needs ta moov Ceiling Cats base nemoar.”

An after he seds dis he counted hiz dOOdz again, jus foar fun! but dis time wif dose twentee yrs old ppl too.

Alla dees Levites wuz  supoesd to halp Aaron n his kittehs werk for Ceiling Cat An kleen Celing Cats base n stuff.

Dey wuz in charj of teh shewbread, w/e dat is, An teh cheezburgrs! An teh caeks! An teh french fryz of all shapes n sizez!

Evry morning dey hadzta sing for Ceiling Cat, An at nite,

An when dey gif cheezburgr to Ceiling Cat, An on Caturday, An when teh moon is blak, An when der wuz partees. SRSLY! Dats lots uv singin!!

undefined

thees wuz teh divishuns ov teh sons ov aaron: 
Teh sons ov aaron wuz nadab, abihu, eleazar an ithamar.

but nadab an abihu did before their fathr did, an they had no sons; so eleazar an ithamar servd as teh priests.

wif teh halp ov zadok descendant ov eleazar an ahimelech descendant ov ithamar, david separatd them into divishuns 4 their appointd ordr ov ministerin.

largr numbr ov leaders wuz findz among eleazars descendants than among ithamars, an they wuz dividd accordingly: sixteen headz ov familiez frum eleazars descendants an 8 headz ov familiez frum ithamars descendants.

they dividd them impartially by drawin lawts, 4 thar wuz officials ov teh sanctuary an officials ov ceilin cat among teh descendants ov both eleazar an ithamar.

teh scribe shemaiah son ov nethanel, levite, recordd their namez in da presence ov teh king an ov teh officials: zadok teh priest, ahimelech son ov abiathar an teh headz ov familiez ov teh priests an ov teh levitezâ€”wan pplz bean taken frum eleazar an den wan frum ithamar.

teh furst lot fell 2 jehoiarib, 
Teh second 2 jedaiah,

teh third 2 harim, 
Teh fourth 2 seorim,

teh fifth 2 malkijah, 
Teh sixth 2 mijamin,

teh seventh 2 hakkoz, 
Teh eighth 2 abijah,

teh ninth 2 jeshua, 
Teh tenth 2 shecaniah,

teh eleventh 2 eliashib, 
Teh twelfth 2 jakim,

teh thirteenth 2 huppah, 
Teh fourteenth 2 jeshebeab,

teh fifteenth 2 bilgah, 
Teh sixteenth 2 immr,

teh seventeenth 2 hezir, 
Teh eighteenth 2 happizzez,

teh nineteenth 2 pethahiah, 
Teh twentieth 2 jehezkel,

teh twenty-furst 2 jakin, 
Teh twenty-second 2 gamul,

teh twenty-third 2 delaiah 
An teh twenty-fourth 2 maaziah.

dis wuz their appointd ordr ov ministerin when they enterd teh temple ov teh lord, accordin 2 teh regulashuns prescribd 4 them by their forefathr aaron, as teh lord, teh ceilin cat ov israel, had commandd him.

as 4 da rest ov teh descendants ov levi: 
Frum teh sons ov amram: shubael; 
Frum teh sons ov shubael: jehdeiah.

as 4 rehabiah, frum his sons: 
Isshiah wuz teh furst.

frum teh izharitez: shelomoth; 
Frum teh sons ov shelomoth: jahath.

teh sons ov hebron: jeriah teh furst, [a] amariah teh second, jahaziel teh third an jekameam teh fourth.

teh son ov uzziel: micah; 
Frum teh sons ov micah: shamir.

teh brothr ov micah: isshiah; 
Frum teh sons ov isshiah: zechariah.

teh sons ov merari: mahli an mushi. 
Teh son ov jaaziah: beno.

teh sons ov merari: 
Frum jaaziah: beno, shoham, zaccur an ibri.

frum mahli: eleazar, hoo had no sons.

frum kish: teh son ov kish: Jerahmeel.

undefined

K, so King David n offizers of teh army choez teh follwn kitteh families: teh sons of Asaph, and of Heman, n Jeduthun; dey was all to bring de messages of Celing Cat wif teh liars, harpses and teh simblz. Dis be da list of kittehz choezn to do all da work, wid teh ting dat each of dem dun, srsly:

Teh sonz of Asaph: Zaccur, Joseph, Nethaniah, n Asharelah. Teh sons of Asaph, dey were direktd bai Asaph, hoo bringed de messages of Ceilin Catz wenevr teh King sayd so.

Of Jeduthun, teh sonz of Jeduthun six: Gedaliah, Zeri, Jeshaiah, Shimei, Hashabiah, n Mattithiah. Dey wre direktd by der fathr Jeduthun, hoo told teh mesagez of Ceilin Cat wif da musik of de liar.

N teh sonz of Heman: Bukkiah, Mattaniah, Uzziel, Shebuel, n Jerimoth, Hananiah, Hanani, Eliathah, Giddalti, n Romamti-Ezer, Joshbekashah, Mallothi, Hothir, Mahazioth.

All dem wuz teh sonz of Heman, teh Kingz seer, akordin to teh promis of Ceilin Cat to xalt Heman, for Ceilin Catz has gived him fortn sonz n three dotterz. Srsly.

All dem wre direktd by dey fathrz fur teh musikz in teh house of Ceilin Cat, and dey hadz simbals, harpz n liarz fur the kittehs of teh house of Ceilin Catz. Asaph, Jeduthun, n Heman were undr teh orderz uv teh King.

Dem n der folkz, hoo all had sum seris skils n singin fur Ceilin Cat, all of dem were mad wif skillz n dey wuz 288 of dem.

N tehy cast de lotz fer der dooties, little kittehs n big kittehs, teechrs n stoodnets, all beez de same for the chorze assignment.

Teh fisrt lot fell to Asaph, fer Joseph; teh seconz wre to Gedaliah and all him sonz and reltives twelv.

teh fird went to Zaccur, n him sonz and relitives, dere were twelf ov dem.

Fowrth lot was to Izri, n him sonz n reltives, dere were twelf ov dem too.

Fidth wuz to Nethaniah, n him sonz n reltives, tewlf ov dem too.

Sixth wre Bukkiah, n him sonz n reltives, again with the twelf ov dem, becuz Ceilin Cat likes teh number twelf, srsly.

Sevnth wre Jesarelah, n him sonz n reltives, u guessd it, dere were twelf of dem also.

Ateth wuz Jeshaiah, n him sonz n reltives, anudder twelf of dem.

Ninth wuz Mattaniah, n him sonz n reltives, yet anuder twelf of dem.

Tneth wre Shimei, n him sonz n reltives, o to Ceilin Cat, dere were twelf of dem.

Eelvth wre Azarel, n him sonz n reltives, also twelf of dem.

Twelfth wre Hashabiah, n him sonz n reltives, yah, twelf of dem too.

Tweeteenth wuz Shubael, n him sonz n reltives, u guess it, twelf of dem.

Fowrteenth wre Mattithiah, n him sonz n reltives, also, u knowd it, twelf of dem, srsly.

Fidteeth wre Jerimoth, n him sonz n reltives, again twelf ov dem.

To de sixteeth, Hannaniah, n him sonz n reltives, again dere be twelf.

Teh Senventeeth, Joshbekashah, n him sonz n reltives, whad you kno, dem be twelf too.

To de ateteenf, Hanani, n him sonz n reltives, again dere be twelf, srsly.

To de nineteenf, Mallothi, n him sonz n relitives, once mor dere be twelf of dem.

To de twentief, Eliathah, n him sonz n relitives, dere were twelf.

To de twenty-furst, Hothir, n him sonz n relitives, again twelf.

De twenty-sekond, Giddalti, n him sonz n relitives also twelf.

To de twenty-fird,Mahazioth n him sonz n relitives, twelf.

undefined

Dese who teh gatekeepurz iz: 
Frum teh Korahitez, iz Meshelemiah, who wuz teh sun of Koreh, who wuz teh sun of Asaph.

An Meshelemiah hadz sunz: 
Furst dere wuz Zechariah, 
an den dere wuz Jediael, 
an den dere wuz Zebadiah, 
an den dere wuz Jathniel,

an den dere wuz Elam, 
an den dere wuz Jehohanan, 
an den dere wuz Eliehoenai.

An Obed-Edom hadz sunz too: 
Furst dere wuz Shemaiah, 
an den dere wuz Jehozabad, 
an den dere wuz Joah, 
an den dere wuz Sacar, 
an den dere wuz Nethanel,

an den dere wuz Ammiel, 
an den dere wuz Issachar, 
an den dere wuz Peullethai. 
Bcuz Ceiling Cat thot Obed-Edom wuz kewl an gaev him teh awsumz.

An Shemaiah had sunz, an dey wuz in charj bcuz dey hadz skillz.

An dey wuz Othni an Rephael an Obed an Elzabad.  An Elihu an Semakiah had skillz too.

An dese wuz all teh kidz an grankidz an relutivz of Obed-Edom, an dere wuz 62 of dem, an dey hadz skillz.

An Meshelemiah had sunz an relutivz an he hadz fiftin.

An Hosah teh Merarite had sunz an dey wuz Shimri (he wuz teh awsumist but not teh furst),

an Hilkiah an Tabaliah an anuthur Zechariah.  An Hosah hadz thurten sunz an relutivz.

An all dese gaiz wuz in charj of maeking Ceiling Cat's tempulz not fall downz an stuff.

An dey desidid who got wut gaet bai drawin lotz.

Shelemiah gotz teh Est Gaet, an Zechariah (teh secund wun) got teh Norf Gaet.

An Obed-Edom gotz teh Souf Gaet, an hiz sunz gotz teh pantri.

An Shuppim gotz teh West Gaet an Hosah gotz teh Shalleketh Gaet.  An dere wus gardz:

Dere wuz siks Levitez on teh est an foar on teh norf an foar on teh souf an two at teh pantri.

An on teh west dere wuz foar at teh rod an two at teh cortz.

An all dese gaiz wuz teh kidz an grankidz an greatgrankidz and stuff of Korah an Merari.

Teh Levitez wuz in charj of teh muneez.

An teh kidz an grankidz an greatgrankidz and stuff of Ladan wuz Jehieli

an Jehieliz kidz an Zetham an Joel an dey wuz in charj of teh tempulz muneez.

An dese gaiz wuz frum teh Amramitez an teh Izharitez an teh Hebronitez an teh Uzzielitez:

Dere wuz Shubael, who wuz a kid or sumthingz of Moses, an he wuz in charj of teh muneez.

An hiz kidz wuz Rehabiah an Jeshaiah an Joram an Zicri an Shelomith.

An Shelomith an hiz relutivz wuz in charj of teh muneez foar King Davidz stuff.

An dey uzd sum of teh trezur frum battulz to fiks teh tempulz foar Ceiling Cat.

An dey wuz in charj of Samuelz stuff an Saulz stuff an Abnerz stuff (Abner wuz teh sun of Ner) an Joabz stuff (Joab wuz teh sun of Zeruiah) an everwunz stuff.

Frum teh Izharitez Kenaniah an hiz sunz didz stuff owtsiedz teh tempul an dey wuz judjiz.

An frum teh Hebronitez Hashabiah an hiz relutivz (dere wuz liek sevntin hunnerd of dem) wuz in charj of doing stuff foar Ceiling Cat in Israel.

An Jeriah wuz in charj of dem.  An aftur forti yrz sum gaiz chekd teh recurdz and fownd gaiz wif skilz at Jazer.

undefined

dis ar teh teh list ov teh israelitezâ€”headz ov familiez, commanders ov thousandz an commanders ov hundredz, an their officers, hoo servd teh king in all dat concernd teh army divishuns dat wuz on duty month by month throughout teh yer. Each divishun consistd ov 24,000 doodz.

in charge ov teh furst divishun, 4 da furst month, wuz jashobeam son ov zabdiel. Thar wuz 24,000 doodz in his divishun.

he wuz descendant ov perez an chief ov all teh army officers 4 da furst month.

in charge ov teh divishun 4 da second month wuz dodai teh ahohite; mikloth wuz teh leadr ov his divishun. Thar wuz 24,000 doodz in his divishun.

teh third army commandr, 4 da third month, wuz benaiah son ov jehoiada teh priest. He wuz chief an thar wuz 24,000 doodz in his divishun.

dis wuz teh benaiah hoo wuz mighty warrior among teh thirty an wuz ovar teh thirty. His son ammizabad wuz in charge ov his divishun.

teh fourth, 4 da fourth month, wuz asahel teh brothr ov joab; his son zebadiah wuz his succesor. Thar wuz 24,000 doodz in his divishun.

teh fifth, 4 da fifth month, wuz teh commandr shamhuth teh izrahite. Thar wuz 24,000 doodz in his divishun.

teh sixth, 4 da sixth month, wuz ira teh son ov ikkesh teh tekoite. Thar wuz 24,000 doodz in his divishun.

teh seventh, 4 da seventh month, wuz helez teh pelonite, an efraimite. Thar wuz 24,000 doodz in his divishun.

teh eighth, 4 da eighth month, wuz sibbekai teh hushathite, zerahite. Thar wuz 24,000 doodz in his divishun.

teh ninth, 4 da ninth month, wuz abiezr teh anathothite, benjamite. Thar wuz 24,000 doodz in his divishun.

teh tenth, 4 da tenth month, wuz maharai teh netofathite, zerahite. Thar wuz 24,000 doodz in his divishun.

teh eleventh, 4 da eleventh month, wuz benaiah teh pirathonite, an efraimite. Thar wuz 24,000 doodz in his divishun.

teh twelfth, 4 da twelfth month, wuz heldai teh netofathite, frum teh pplz ov othniel. Thar wuz 24,000 doodz in his divishun.

teh leaders ov teh tribez ov israel: 
Ovar teh reubenitez: eliezr son ov zikri; 
Ovar teh simeonitez: shefatiah son ov maakah;

ovar levi: hashabiah son ov kemuel; 
Ovar aaron: zadok;

ovar judah: elihu, brothr ov david; 
Ovar issachar: omri son ov michael;

ovar zebulun: ishmaiah son ov obadiah; 
Ovar naftali: jerimoth son ov azriel;

ovar teh efraimitez: hoshea son ov azaziah; 
Ovar half teh tribe ov manaseh: joel son ov pedaiah;

ovar teh half-tribe ov manaseh in gilead: iddo son ov zechariah; 
Ovar benjamin: jaasiel son ov abnr;

ovar dan: azarel son ov jeroham. 
Thees wuz teh leaders ov teh tribez ov israel.

david did not taek teh numbr ov teh doodz twenty yeers old or les, cuz teh lord had promisd 2 mak israel as numerous as teh stars in da sky.

joab son ov zeruiah began 2 count teh doodz but did not finish. Ceilin cats wrath came on israel on akownt ov dis numberin, an teh numbr wuz not enterd in da book [a] ov teh annals ov king david.

Azmaveth son ov adiel wuz in charge ov teh royal storehaus. 
Jonathan son ov uzziah wuz in charge ov teh storehaus in da outlyin districts, in da towns, teh villagez an teh watchtowers.

ezri son ov kelub wuz in charge ov teh werkers hoo farmd teh land.

shimei teh ramathite wuz in charge ov teh vineyardz. 
Zabdi teh shifmite wuz in charge ov teh produce ov teh vineyardz 4 da wine vats.

baal-hanan teh gederite wuz in charge ov teh oliv an sycamore-fig treez in da western foothills. 
Joash wuz in charge ov teh suppliez ov oliv oil.

shitrai teh sharonite wuz in charge ov teh herdz grazin in sharon. 
Shafat son ov adlai wuz in charge ov teh herdz in da valleys.

obil teh ishmaelite wuz in charge ov teh camels. 
Jehdeiah teh meronothite wuz in charge ov teh donkeys.

jaziz teh hagrite wuz in charge ov teh flockz. 
All thees wuz teh officials in charge ov king davidz property.

jonathan, davidz uncle, wuz counselor, man ov insight an scribe. Jehiel son ov hakmoni took care ov teh kings sons.

undefined

So David gots teh Prinses an Captens and strong peepz unto Jerusallum.

Then David stud up on his feetz and sed "Heer me, srsly, I wuz gonna build a howse for Ceiling Cat.

But he sez to meh, "Yu can not buildz howse cos yu were a solja an yu haz killed stuffs"

but I wuz liek watever cos Ceiling Cat made meh king of Israyel annywayz.

An Ceiling Cat sed mai son Solomon waz to be teh king too.

An Ceiling Cat sed that Solomon can buildz howse instead and he waz Ceiling Catz son now. Srsly.

An he waz to be teh king fo long timez."

Nao therefore in da sight ov all israel teh congregashun ov teh, an in da audience ov r Ceiling Cat, keep an seek fo all teh comnandmentz ov teh Ceiling Cat: dat yu can has posess dis gud land, an leef it fo an inhertiance fo yur kittenz aftr yu fo evr.

An thou, Solomon mai son, also kitteh, knoe thou teh Ceiling Cat ovr thy fathr, an serve him wif perfik hart an wif willing mind: fo da Ceiling Cat searcheth all hearts, an understandeth all teh imaginashuns ov teh thoughts: if yu looks for him, him will be findz ov thee; but if thou forsaek him, him will be casten yu off for evrs.

Taek hed nao; for da Ceiling Cat haf chosen thee too build an howse for da sanctuareh: Yu betteh bein strong, an be doin it. Srsly

Den David gaev he son Solomon teh plians forr teh phortiko of teh tempel, it biulding, it sterohooms, it upher part, it inor rhuoms and teh plaec of atehonement.

He gaev he teh plians of  of all taht teh HovrCat had put in he midn for teh chuorts of teh tempel of teh Ceiling Cat adn all teh shurruonding rhooms, for teh traesuries of teh tempel of Ceiling Cat and for the traesureis for teh dedhicated theings.

Then David be gevun instriuctions foo Solomon to amry preihsts and Livethas, adn fo all whork sierving in tempul of Ceiling Cat. Him also guve articulz for seirving teh tempul adn it latice patarn.

An He desingateded wait of gowld fo alluva gowld articulz teh be bein usd for veryiuz kindz uv sierviz also wait of silveh fo alluva silveh articulz fo to be used in them kindz uv sierviz.

An wait of gowld for gowld lampstadnz an lampz also teh silveh lampz nd shiz, accordehn to use ov them lampz.

Also wait of gowld for consceratd bred (which he does not eatd) and

for teh forkz coz da hummins not has eat wif paws nd for teh bowls. Also gowld kitteh dishez.

An he gaev hm teh plians fo teh gowld kitteh box fo too carry teh inshtructionz ov Ceiling Cat hiself.

Den David seyz "Ah can has alluv dis on writtn dwon frm teh paw of Ceiling Cat and HovrCat has been giev me brain of plains, also Cheezburger".

David spek too him kitteh Solomon "Yu does not be scard coz for Ceiling Cat is bein wif yu an he not leavin yu till alluva wrk in tempul of Ceiling Cat is have beeing finishd

undefined

Den David sed to evrywun: "Mi sun Solomun, who Ceiling Cat chosed, iz yung an dont no much. Dis iz hard, cuz dis big bildin iz not for littl cats, it for Ceiling Cat.

I has gived lots of stufz for Ceiling Catz tempul - goled, silvr, brunz, iron, wud, onyks, turqwoize, loadz of pretteh-colord stoans. Dere iz loadz of dis stufs!

An newayz, I lieks tempul of Ceiling Cat so much dat I gives mah shiney treazurs, wich be moar dan anyfing els I has gived:

tree fowzand goled monies an sevun fowzand silvr monies for makin da wallz luk nice,

makin stuff from goled an silvr, an all da wurk da big strong bildrs duz. Now who wunt to be holey for Ceiling Cat ritenow?"

Den all teh importent peepz in Izrael gived lotz of stuf.

Gived loadz n loadz of monies so tempul cud be bilt nice and big and shiney.

Evrywun wiv precious gemz n sparkly fingz gived dem to Jeheel teh Gershoncat, who wuz clectin all teh monies for teh tempul.

All teh otha peepz wuz liek "yaaaay" cuz thier leedahs wuz so nice an frendlee an jenrus. David wuz reel happy too.

David bigd up Ceiling Cat in frunt of everywun. Him sed:


U iz reel strong, Ceiling Cat,


Fankz for givin us evrytin we needz,


Dats why we iz bein so nice to u


(Dis still David talkin, he talks loadz n loadz.) "But how cumz shud we all can giv so jenruslee to dis big bildin? It all just Ceiling Cat's stuf an monies reely.

We luk reel weerd to u, jus liek our daddiez an grandaddiez. Hear on urth it reely sux most of da tiem.

Ceiling Cat, we maded u dis tempul on accownt of ur so kool, an now it be all urz.

I knowz u tests da hart and lieks to see peeps bein honist. I gaved all mah fingz happilee, and I reely reely liekz how much everywun else gived too.

Ceiling Cat, maek everywun carriez on likin u as much as dey duz now.

An maek shure Solomun duz wut u sez and keepz on bildin dat tempul!"

Den David sed to everywun: "Tell Ceiling Cat how awesum he iz!" So dem all did.

After sleepin, da peepz maed ded a bunch of anmulz to maek Ceiling Cat happey: a fowzund hole ramz, lamz n bullz an a hole load of drinkz an other stufs.

Den evrywun eated an drinked alot an wuz reel happies cuz Ceiling Cat wuz dere. Den dey all sed Solomun wuz da King now (even tho dey alreddy sedded dat befor). Dey blessd him wiv fancy-smellin perfum an also decided Zadok wud be hims preest.

So Solomun sitted on da froan just liek hiz daddy did. Him did reely reely gud an evrywun did wut he sed.

All da pleesmen an big strong guys an all of Davids kiddiez sed dey finked he wuz well kool.

Ceiling Cat agreed dat Solomun wuz kool and wuz moar nice to him dan ne other king of Izrael.

So neway now u kno all abowt David! Him wuz a gud King of Izrael.

Him roold da hole countree for forteh yeers - sevn in Hebrun an firty-free in Jruslem.

Him got ded wen him wuz reel old after a kool life of cheezburgerz, shiney devicez an luvlee fabrics. Solomun got to be King after himz, yay for Solomun!

Samuel, Nathan an Gad all rote abowt Davidz hilarius shenangans,

undefined

O hai. Sowlomen can has minions, cuz Ceiling Cat lets him has cheezberger.

2 billion minions. Sowlomen can has dem. Srsly.

Sowlomen tooks minions to Gibeon wer Hole in Ceiling is (Mosus maed Hole in Ceiling 4 Ceiling cat in backyard).

But urlier, Sowlomens dad Dave was liek 'Im in ur base takin ur ark of Ceiling Cat and puttin in Kiriath-jearim.'  and puts it in difurnt Hole in Ceiling. Daves minions were liek 'LOL! LOL!'

Is big bowl under first Hole in Ceiling and Sowlomen and his minions were liek 'Wers it at? lol'. Bazalel made it with teh bronze, his dad Hur is liek 'WTF Bowl? lmao'

Sowlomen sez 'Der it is.' n putted teh tunas in teh bowl (1000 tunas).

L8r, Ceiling Cats comes and sez 'OMG 1000 tunas ftw' n he eats dem. Sez 'Want preznits?'

Sowlomens liek 'U gived Dad cheezeberger, and gived me minions...'

'...n u gived Dad liek 99 l3wts, and t3h fake car...', n Ceiling cat was liek 'lol', n Sowlomen was liek 'lol'

'...halp me grind my INT n WIS stats so I can has MOAR minionses.'

Ceiling Cats liek '1337. I thot u wanted golds, and itums, and wpnz and more HP, and a guildhall...'

'...I wil halp u lvl. And heres 2 billion golds, maybe 4'

Then Sowlomen went home. Ppl was liek 'Sowlomen ftw'

He sez 'Capture/buy horseses and rhinoses and put them liek evrywhere'

He sez 'Evry1 can has cookie n cheezberger!'. Evry1s liek 'w00tz0rz'

Minions went 2 Egypt n wer liek 'WTB horses n rhinos'. Egypt wuz liek 'WTS horses'. Minions wer liek '80g ea?' Egypt wuz liek 'AAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAAHAHAHAHAA 600g ea'. D00d named 'Q' wuz liek 'WTS rhinos 150g ea.'. Minions r liek 'want all u hav'

undefined

Sowlomen bild Hole in Ceiling 4 Ceiling Cat n bilt hems3lf guilhhall.

Gots 70,000 kittehs 2 carry all his stufz n 80,000 kittehs 2 get stonz n 3,600 2 be liek 'u get moar stoanz lolz'

Sent letr 2 Hurum (King of Tire), 'U + ur dad = buttsecks. U snd woods 2me or I youtube I SEE WHAT YOU DID THERE 1 MILLION VEIWS'

'im maeking moar Holes in Ceiling for Ceiling Cat n tuna preznits, n c@kez ,n moar tuna preznits evry day, cuz lawz sez 2.

'Wil b bigg3st Hole in Ceiling EVA, cuz Ceiling Cat eated Zooce n Molock n all gawds.'

'lol, teh Ceiling Cat is rly 2 big 4 it but hee wil yuse it 4 tuna st0rage.'

'U snd me a kitteh wth crafting sklls to craft me t0ns of nue stufz 4 me n Ceiling Cat!'

'I LOVE WOOD! Snd it. Ur kittehs mus teech mah kittehs 2 maek it.'

'Wil bild t3h kckass Hole in Ceiling wif wud.'

'Mah kittehs wil halp n wil bring 2 billion fudz. Rmbr: 1 MILLION VEIWS. kthxbai'

Hurum was liek, 'OMG kk'

'Dun post pls'

'I wil snd WUD n skilt kittehs'

'pls dun post'

'u snd ur kittehs 2 halp pls'

'Pls dun post. srsly. kthxbai'

Sowlomen was liek 'lol' n dcyded 2 count immigrants. OMG 153,600 immigrants?

undefined

K den Soloman maek hous of CEILING CAT n j00salem on mownt Mariah, were CEILING CAT showded up 2 hiz dad LOL.

He maek it on day2 of teh 2nd munth in year 4 he wuz teh king.

Dis how CEILING CAT sed 2 maek HIZ crib: 3 + lots of cubez long bi 20 cubez wyde.

An teh frnt porche wus liek 20 cubez wyde and 120 cubez big LOL n it wuz maed uv g0ld.

Den he putz a g0ld crissmas tree on teh ceiling wit sum pahm treez n chanes it up WTF?

Den he putz dimonds n shit all ovr, n all teh g0ld wuz frm dis plase call Parvaim so u no it wuz tite.

Den he putz g0ld on liek evryting teh beemz n teh wallz n all, den he drawed flyin pig monsterz call cherrybums on evryting WTF?

Den he maed teh mose holi crib 20 x 20 cubez pimpd out wit more g0ld and send 600 d00dz wit skilz in.

Evn hiz nalez wuz maek uv g0ld, n he putz g0ld in all teh bedroomz.

Den in teh most holi crib he maekz 2 moar cherrybumz coverd wit g0ld it wuz pimp.

An teh cherrybums wing wuz liek teh siz uv teh hole place it wuz big LOL.

N teh 2 cherrybums wingz wuz teh sam siz.

Ssrsly liek dey fased eech othre n dey wuz HUG NO KIDDIN!!11!1!

Den he maed a vile dat wuz all deez funky cullers n putz MOAR cherrybums on it cuz CEILING CAT luvz dees cherrybum thinks.

Den he maed 2 pilars in teh frnt yard n dey was srsly big liek 35 cubez an teh topperz wuz like 5 cubez 2.

Den he maed deez big chanes liek in teh orcale an putz dem on teh pillarz wit a buncha frute WTF?

undefined

King Soluman (Formerly Solukitteh) putted togetha a table.

An a bowl,

Teh bowl was big... an pretteh.

it sitted on srlsy cul moo cows...

an it waz thick, but waz not fur cheezbrgz.

In teh name of teh Ceiling Cat mroe bowls were putted togetha.

Soluman puttd togetha more tablz an bwlz an candle holdas,

then more bowlz... an more bowlz were putted togetha.

Teh middle place waz dor teh holy manz... Soluman then putted teh pretteh bowl in teh howze uf teh cheezburgr.

undefined

Soluman's frend calded Huram maded pots an bowls.

Huram maded all of teh stuffz Soluman telld him too

an taht waz alotz,

an tehy all were maded fromd teh shiney metl.

It was all maded an putted togetha

to be putted in teh howze of teh cheezburgr an Celing Cat.

Al of teh stuffz waz maded in teh metal place closd to teh town of teh Sukkoth.

It waz alotz of shiney metl!!!1!

Soluman also makez all teh furnishingz that waz in teh God's Temple: teh golden alta, teh tables on witch waz teh bread of teh Presents (mmm... bread!)

teh lampstandz of bling! bling! with teh tampz 2 burn in front of teh inner sanctuary as prescribed

undefined

undefined

undefined

undefined

Tehn teh kingz turnd and blessded the pplz of Isreal, wile teh pplz of Isreal standed.

undefined

Aftr Solmon maeked anuver hows fur Ceiling Cat

He alsoe builded sum sitehs gain dat Heeram had gived him, and he maeked j00s liv in em.

undefined

Den he goez an pwnz sum othr peepls

n he maeked ther sitehs into hiz.

He even maeked sitehs just fur his horsies, cuz he hav so maneh xtera of dem.  Solmon was verah gud bosskitteh hoo had lotsa stufs.

Ther wuz stil lotsa peepls in hiz landz dat no wuz j00s

n Solmon maeked dem hiz slaevz cuz he wuz a smartkitteh.

But Solmon no maeked j00s 4 his slaevz cuz dey wuz hiz helpahz.

He haved lotsa j00s for helps him wid evryfings.

He evn maeked a speshul hows fur his wief cuz he thot she no cood live wher teh Ark had beed cuz it wer holee and she no wuz cuz she was teh dotter of teh faroh.

Solmon alwaes maeked ded lotsa anmuls fur Ceiling Cat on hiz altarz

n to selbraet Ceiling Cat he maeked syoor to eet lotsa cheezburgers on alla feest-dayze.

Cuz Solmon wuz such a branie kitteh he maeked syoor teh rite preests sed teh rite prares to Ceiling Cat and also had kittehs speshul fur open all teh dors.

Evry1 lisend to Solmon cuz he wuz so telgent.

N so evry1 did wut he sed wiul teh hows fur Ceiling Cat wuz bein maeked.

undefined

When Sheba heared Soloman beez da bomb, her maed shur hims wantz her gud, so her laid out n frnt of all hims kittys, gold, cheezburgers and catnip, so hims be liek woah, yous da hot kitty.

Solomon sais Iz telz yous erything Iz no: thair wz noting hidz from she, not evn catnip.

Sheba sees da smartz of Solomon, an the houz that hims had maed,

An the cheezburger of hims table, and the srvice of hims h00menz, andz hows hes kittinz luvs hims, andz hows hes fudzbowl bringrs works also, and theys clothes; and hims likes by the Ceiling Cat; and shes feel weak.

An her sed 2 teh kingz, it wuz true dey sayz in maiz homes of youz acts an wisdum:

I believd not thair werdz, til mine eyez seens it: an, for really, teh not now nuttin: yous evan bombr dat mes herd.

happeh r doodz, an h00mans, an kittyz yous guvern;  yous wize

undefined

And Rehoboam goed to Shechem: cuz Shechem coodz be wair all Israels coem to make him teh king.

And it caem to pass, wen Jeroboam teh sun of Nebat, who waz in Egypt, who waz of teh fwitened of teh King Solomon, herd teh newz, he camez back to Egypt.Srsly.

And thems sent and callded him. So Jeroboam and all dem Israels caem and spaek to Rehoboam, sayin,

Dy fadder maded our yoke greevis: now tharfor easy-make thou sumwat teh greevis servantitude of youz fadder, and hims heavy yoke dat he putted on we, and us will surv youz.

And him sed to dem, Coem againz unto meh aftuh three dayz. And teh peepoles dehpardinated.

And king Rehoboam taked counsul wit teh old menz dat had stooded before Solomon hiz dadz wiel himz yet lived, sayin, Wat counsul giev ye mem to ritturnz anser to dis peepz?

And dey sedded unto himz, sayin, If you can be of teh nice to deez peepz, and canz make dems happy, and canz tawk good woerds at themz, dey cans be thy servants foar EVARZ.

But him sed teh counsul dat teh old men give him were bleh, and taked counsel wit teh yung menz dat weer brauted up wit himz, dat were in frunt of hims.

And him saided to themz, Wat advise you can has so we cans answer to dems people, dey can spoked to me sayin, I can haz easier yoke cos ur favver was meen an put us into a heavy yoke?

And teh young mens dat were brawted up wit himz spaked unto himz, sayin, Yu canz answering teh peeplz dat can spoked unto thee, sayin, Dy fadder maded demz yoke hevie, but youz makkin it sumwat lytr fur us;  so yoo canz sayin to themz, Mah lil fingur canz be thikker den mah fadders loinz.

For waireas mah fadder has putted a hevy yoke upon youz, ah willz put moar to ur yoke: mah fadder hurted youz wit wips, but I willz hurt youz wit bigger wips.Srsly.   >:(

So Jeroboam and all demz peeplz caem to Rehoboam on teh turd dai, as teh king baded, sayin, Cum aghen to meh on teh tird day.

And tek king ansurd demz ruffly; and king Rehoboam forsooked teh counsil of teh old menz,

and ansurd demz after teh advicez teh yung menz gaved him, sayin, mah faddur maked ur yoke heavy, but ah can adding thereto: my faddur chastized youz wit wips, but ah canz castize youz wit scorpions >:(

So teh king harkend not unto teh peeplz: foar it waz tehwill of Ceilincat teh Lawd dat teh wurdz which he waz of teh speekin to teh peepz. Dat iz wy he ignorededed teh peepz.

And wenz all Izreels sawed teh king no can haz harkend unto demz, teh peeplz ansurd teh king, sayin, wat porshun we can has in David?  And we can has no inheritinsiz of teh sun of Jesse: evreh man to ur tentz, O Izreel: and nao, David, you canz go to ur hows.  And den all Izreels goed to dair tentz.

But as foar teh chilrenz of Izreel dat dwelted in teh cityz of Judah, Rehoboam reigneded over demz.

Den king Reoboam sented Hadoram dat wuz over teh tribyut; and teh chilrenz of Izreel stonded himz wid stoenz, and maked hims ded.  But king Heroboam maded fast to get himz up to hiz chareeut, to run awayz to Jerusalem.

undefined

When Rehoboam caemed to Jeroosalem, he getted togevver teh haus uv Jooduh an Benjamin — a whole tun uv fighting hoomans — to maek fightz wif Israel an to get teh kingdom for Rehoboam.

But dis word uv Ceeling Cat caem to Shemaiah teh hooman uv Ceeling Cat:

"Say to Rehoboam boy kittie uv Solomon king uv Joodah an to all teh Israelites in Joodah an Benjamin,

Dis is whut Ceeling Cat sayz: No fightz yer bruvvers. Go home, all uv yu, for dis is mai dooing.' " Soz dey followed teh wurd uv Ceeling Cat an not fighted Jeroooboam.

Rehoboam liveded in Jeroosalem an maeked places for defense in Joodah:

Bethlehem, Etam, Tekoa,

Beth Zur, Soco, Adullam,

Gath, Mareshah, Ziph,

Adoraim, Lachish, Azekah,

Zorah, Aijalon an Hebron. Dese wuz strongded places in Joodah an Benjamin.

He strongded dere defenses an put commanders in dem, wif food, oliv oil an wien.

He put shields an pointy fings in all teh cities, an maed dem veree strong. So Joodah and Benjamin wuz his.

Teh holi hoomans an Levites from all dere places fru out Israel sided wif him.

Teh Levites even leftded dere foodlands an stuffs, an caem to Joodah an Jeroosalem coz Jerooooboam an his boy kitties had rejected dem as holi hoomans of Ceeling Cat.

An he maeked his own holi hoomans for teh high places and for teh goat and calf stachuz he maeked.

Dose from everee tribe uv Israel hu sended dere hearts on finding Ceeling Cat, teh of Kittie uv Israel, follood teh Levites to Jeroosalem to give gifts to Ceeling Cat, teh Kittie uv dere daddies.

Dey strongded teh scratcing post uv Joodah an helpded Rehoboam boy kittie uv Solomon tree yeers, walking in teh wais uv David an Solomon during dis time.

Rehoboam marreed Mahalath, hu wuz teh gurl kittie uv David's boy kittie Jerimoth an uv Abihail, teh gurl kittie uv Jesse's boy kittie Eliab.

She giveded him boy kitties: Jeush, Shemariah an Zaham.

Den he marreed Maacah girl kittie uv Absalom, hu giveded him Abijah, Attai, Ziza an Shelomith.

Rehoboam lurved Maacah girl kittie uv Absalom more dan any uv his uvver wives an concubines. In all, he had eighteen wives an sixty concubines, twenty-eight boy kitties an sixty gurl kitties.

Rehoboam maed Abijah boy kittie uv Maacah to be teh chief prince among his bruvvers, in order to maek him king.

undefined

15 Teh west uv teh eventz uv Rehoboam’z raen, fwom beginin tooz end, r wecordd een Teh Rekord uv Shemaiah teh Profit an Teh Wekord uv Iddo teh Seer, wich r part uv teh geneologicol wekord. Rehoboam an Jeroboam wur continualy aht war wit eech odur. 

Bekaz dey wur not fathfulz tooz Cieling Cat, Burger King Shishak uv Egypt caem up an atakd Jerusalem een teh fit yeer uv Burger King Rehoboam’s raen.

E caem wit 1,200 chariotz, 60,000 orsez, an a countles armi uv paw soljerz, inkludin Libyans, Sukkites, an Ethiopians.

Shishak conkwerd Judah’z fortifidz tounz an den advansd tooz atakz Jerusalem.

Teh profit Shemaiah den meht wit Rehoboam an Judah’z leedurz, hu had aww fwed tooz Jerusalem bekaz uv Shishak. Shemaiah towdz dem, “Diz ees waht Cieling Cat sahz: U av abandondz meez, sooz Ai am abandunin u tooz Shishak.”

Den teh weedurz uv Israel an teh burger king umbuld demselvz an sahd, “Cieling Cat ees wite een duin diz tooz uz!”

undefined

Buht dey weel bekum is subjekz, sooz dey weel no teh difurens betwen survin mee an survin urthly rulerz.”

Sooz Burger King Shishak uv Egypt caem up an atakd Jerusalem. E wanzakd teh twesureez uv Cieling Cat’z Tehmpuhl an teh woyahl palas; e stoel evurytin, inkludin aww teh gowden sheeldz Solomon ad maed.

Burger King Rehoboam latur weplasd dem wit bwonz sheeldz az substitutz, an e entwustd dem tooz teh caer uv teh commandurz uv teh gard hu pwotectd teh entwans tooz teh woyal palas.

Wenevur teh burger king wen tooz teh Tehmpuhl uv Cieling Cat, teh gardz wud awso taek teh sheeldz an den weturn dem tooz teh gardwoom.

Bekaz Rehoboam umbuld imself, Cieling Cat’z angur wuz turnd away, an e dihd nawt distwoy im compwetwy. Der wur stiw sum good tinz een teh wand uv Judah.

undefined

Abijah begun tooz ruel ovur Judah een teh ayteenth yeer uv Jeroboam’z raen een Israel.

'E raend een Jerusalem twee yeerz. 'Is muhdur wuz Maacah, teh dautur uv Uriel fwum Gibeah.
Den Batahlz bwoek owt betweenz Abijah an Jeroboam.

Judah, lehd bi Burger King Abijah, fowned 400,000 selehkt fitin catz, wiel Jeroboam fowned 800,000 selehkt fitin catz fwum Israel.

Wehn teh armi uv Judah awivd een teh 'ill cuntwi uv Ephraim, Abijah stahndid onz Mount Zemaraim an shouted tooz Jeroboam an aww Israel: “Haer mai wurdz!

Dohnt u weuhliz dat Cieling Cat, teh Ahlmiti Cat uv Israel, maed ah lahstin pwomis wit David, givin 'im an 'is kittehz teh twoen uv Israel foer aww uv timez?

Yeht Jeroboam kitteh uv Nebat, ah meer slavz uv David’z kitteh Solomon, webeud aganst 'is mahstur.

Den ah hoel gwoup uv bahd catz joynd 'im, naut lisenin tooz Solomon’z kitteh Rehoboam wehn 'e wuz a stupihd, waek, yung kitteh.

“Doh u weawy tink u kahn stahnd aganst teh Kuntwy uv Cieling Cat dat eez lehd bi teh kittehz uv David? U mai 'aev ah vahst armi, an u 'av doz gowdehn kalvz dat Jeroboam maed az ur Fahls Cieling Catz.

Buht u 'ave chazd awhay teh pweestz uv Cieling Cat (teh kittehz uv Aaron) an teh Levites, an u 'ave apointd ur ohn pweestz, juzt liek teh dawg nayshunz. U leht anewon bekum ah pweest dez daiz! Whoevur cumz tooz beez dehdikatd wit ah yung buww an seven rahmz cahn bekum ah pweest uv dez Fahls Cieling Catz uv urz!

“Buht az fur uz, Cieling Cat eez owur Ahlmiti Cat, an wee 'ave nawt abandund 'im. Onwi teh kittehz uv Aaron surv Cieling Cat az pweestz, an teh Levites awoen mai 'elp dem een der wurk.

Dey pwesent chard ofurinz an fwagwant insens tooz Cieling Cat evuri mornin an evenin. Dey pwaes teh Bwed uv teh Pwesens ohn teh 'oly tabuhl, an dey wite teh gowden lampstand evuri evenin. We r fowowin teh instwukshunz uv Cieling Cat, buht u 'ave abandond 'im.

Soh u c, Cieling Cat eez wit uz. 'E eez owur Leedur. 'Is pweestz bwow der twumpetz an weed uz intu batuhl aganst u. O pepuhl uv Israel, do nawt fiet aganst Cieling Cat, de Almighty Cat uv ur ansestorz, fur u wiw nawt sukseed!”

Menwiel, Jeroboam 'ad sekwetwy sehnt pahrt uv 'is armi awownd be'ind teh catz uv Judah tooz ambush dem.

Wen Judah wealizd dat dey wur bein atakd fwum teh fwunt an teh waer, dey kwied ouwt tooz Cieling Cat fur 'elp. Den teh pweestz bwew teh twumpetz,

an teh mehn uv Judah begahn tooz shout. At teh sound uv der batuhl kri, Ahlmiti Cat defeetd Jeroboam an aww Israel an wutd dem befur Abijah an teh armi uv Judah.

Teh Israelite armi fwehd fwum Judah, an Ahlmiti Cat 'andd dem ovur tooz Judah een defeet.

Abijah an 'is armi infliktd 'evi wosis ohn dem; 500,000 uv Israel’z selehkt fitin catz wur kiwd dat dai.

Soh Judah defeetd Israel dat tiem bekaz dey twustd een Cieling Cat, teh Ahlmiti Cat uv der pahrentz.

Abijah an 'is armi pursud Jeroboam’z fitin catz an kaut sum uv 'is tounz, inkludin Bethel, Jeshanah, an Ephron, awong wit der suwoundin citez.

Soh Jeroboam uv Israel nevur wegaend 'is powur duwin Abijah’z wiftim, an finawy Cieling Cat kihld 'im.

Meenwiel, Abijah uv Judah gweu mur an mur powurfuw. 'E mauweed fourten wievz an 'ad twenty-too boi kittehz an sixten gurl kittehz.

undefined

teh d00d callded Abidjah has deid an' wuz bureid in Jeruzalem lol. Him's caled Asa hoo wuz maed king an' peece rooled teh empier fr ten hole yeerz!!!!11

he did wut teh Ceiling Cat sayd wuz kewl.

he killd teh stachoos of teh amaganary frends. also he essploaded Asherah's scratch poels, she not like.

an den he telled teh kittehs at Jooduh to look at Ceiling Cat, an den gives him cheezburgerz.

Asa also killd teh amaganary frends at joodah. him's kingdom had peece for a lilbit.

wen teh peece happensed, he builded teh forts all arowned joodah. Nobody neber trieded to skratch him during peecetimes, becuz Ceiling Cat gived him teh naptime.

Asa wuz all liek, "ohai peeps, we shud biuld townses wiff WEALLY BIG FENCES ALL AWOUND!! O AN SUM TOWERZ! SRSLY!!!!!!!!!!!!!! Dis playce iz ars cuz wee totz finded teh Ceiling Cat an he giveded to us teh naptime." an den, dey builded stufs an made cookies fore eech udder to eated

Asa can hased a RELLY HYOOG ARMIE!!! dey were liek, relly braev.

Zerah teh Cushite can hasd a priddy hyoog armie too an he taked dem to teh Mareshah

Asa goed to see hm, an Zerah wuz awl liek, "OHAI LETS FITE IN TEH VALLEE UV ZEPATHAH!!" an Asa wuz liek, "AI DON KNOWE WARE DAT IZ" butt den he remememberds dat it wuz neer Mareshah.

den Asa cald teh Ceiling Cat an sayed, "o hai Ceiling Cat, yoo ar teh awesomestest an yoo shuld help us cuz Zerah iz gunna eated us nstuffs"

Ceiling Cat sprayded teh Cushites wiff teh wetstuffs so dey runned uhway becuaes kkittehs DO NOT WANT GET WET!!

nd Asa maed him awmey falloe tehm an teh Cushites drownded an den teh peeps frum Joodah taeked awl uv deir cookiez an eated dem

dey taeked liek, eberythign. an bloed up awl uv teh sofas nstuffs

undefined

Teh spirit of Ceiling Cat sez "o hai Azariah, kitteh of Oded."

Azariah then saided to Asa "listen yer, Ceiling Cat is watching you masturbate, and you watches him, but if you try pwn him he will pwnded you.

Ceiling Cat haz not been to Izral for few years cuz flights costeded too much,

so when they feeling sick they call Ceiling Cat anywayz, and he wuz liek o hai w/e.

Back then evrywun DO NOT WANT travel about cuz teh next d00d wud jus be liek GET OUT OF MY BASE,

cuz  Ceiling Cat kept having invisible buttseckz with tehm.

Just dont get AIDS and you can haz rewards k?"

Then Asa went to Judahs howse an lookded at teh detestable idols an said DO NOT WANT, an fixeded teh altar to Ceiling Cat.

Then he gets flat pack crowdz of peepls and assembleded them, they wuz happy cuz Ceiling Cat was watching them.

15 yrs laetr in March he finisheded putting teh tihng togehter.

When he finished he killeded 700 moocow and 7000 sheep an gotz an 7000000 concreet donkeyz.

O yeh an everywun forgotteded wehre wuz Ceiling Cat so dey hadded to find him again.

Everywun who was just liek o yer w/e wuz haxxed.

Then dere wuz trumpetz

an evrywun wuz rejoisin.

Then Asa sez to his grandmothr "DO NOT WANT, you has a stik with invisible error". He burned teh stik,

then was liek ZOMG I LOVE CEILING CAT,

then he put shini fings on teh altar.

undefined

Cuz Asa was mad ded his kitteh Jehosha-phat becam bos uv Judah (ur mom iz old, her thikn 'phat' is like "OMG, to mny cheezburgerz- WTF!!!!", but u kno 'phat' is like teh l33tness), an Jehosha-phat got redy to pwn Israel,

an he gets hiz posse sittin on teh fence uv teh Judah-garden, an on teh fence of teh Ephraim-garden nexdor dat hiz old man Asa iz grab in a turf wor.

Ceiling Cat wuz kool wiv Jehosha-phat, cuz  Jehosha-phat wuz lik hiz old man whn hiz old man wuz yung (LOL) an he didn serv teh baals liek a n00b,

and Jehosha-phat wuz liek "O hai Ceiling Cat, u wuz gud to mai old man, wat shld ai do?" an he did wat Ceiling Cat sed, so he wuz l33t, not liek teh n00bz frm Israel.

Ceiling Cat give teh hole garden to him an his posse, an evrywun kno Jehosha-phat iz teh HaxX0r!

Jehosha-phat lieks followin teh Ceiling Cat an wuz liek "O hai kittehs, u worship nly teh Ceiling Cat, not teh fud bowl r teh scraching post, kthxbye."

Wehn Jehosha-phat is been bosscat 2 yrs him gets hiz l33t learnin posse 2getha to learn the kittehs of Judah. Thier namez wuz Ben-hayil, Obadiah an Zechariah (thes 2 doodz old men musta think teh Bible wuz l33t! Woot!!), Nethanel an Michaiah.

Sum Levitez wuz wiv them (Levitez r liek preist doodz) an thier namez wuz Shemiah, Nethaniah, Zebadiah an Tobiah (teh joows thaut it wuz l33t to end thier kittehs namez wiv 'iah'), an sum doodz wiv n00b namez liek Asahel, Shemiramoth, Jehonathan, Adonijah n Tob-adonijah (evrywun frget hoo iz Adonijah an hoo iz Tob-adonijah an hoo iz Tobiah- LOL!!). An 2 uther preist doodz hoo waz Elishama an Jeroham.

Thez doodz wnt to evryware in teh Judah-garden an teacht teh kittehs wut Ceiling Cat haz writ. An stuffs.

Teh catz in teh uther gardenz were like "OMG, de Ceiling Cat liek Jehosha-phat an wil pwn us if we r not gud".

De Philistiens thnik Jehosha-phat iz de l33tness to, un de giv hm sum phat lewt an silva so him cud mak bling. Teh doodz frm Arabia giv hm 7700 rats an 7700 mouses. An tehy wuz al dood-rats an dood-mouses, an wuz lonly xcept fr teh wuns taht liek doods.

Jehosha-phat bcom evn phatta n mad über boxz fr hiz posse to hang, an big boxz wher he cld put hiz cheezburgerz. NOM NOM NOM!!!

An al teh catz uv Judah had teh cheezburgerz.Jehosho-phats posse wuz l33t an hung in Jerusalem,

an dey wuz in diffrent clanz wiv haxX0rz taht command 1000 doodz each. In teh Judah clan teh über-haxX0r Adnah command 300000 doodz (WTF!!!!),

an teh über-haxX0r Johanan command 280000 doodz next to hm (it wuz hrd to talk cuz uv teh 580000 doodz btwn dem).

Amasiah, whoz old man wuz Zichri, wuz liek "O hai Ceiling Cat, u wnt me to pwn n00bz 4 u an stuffz?", haded 200000 doodz who wuz l33t at pwnage,

an frm teh clan Benjamin wuz teh über-haxX0r Eliada. Hiz 200000 doodz cld pwn wiv bows an arroes liek nelfz an dey had big sheildz to.

An nex wuz teh über-haxX0r Jehozabad. Him wuznt az l33t cuz him haded nly 180000 doodz, but wuz still a bit l33t.

undefined

When jehoshafat king ov judah returnd safely 2 his palace in jerusalem,

jehu teh ser, teh son ov hanani, went out 2 meet him an sed 2 teh king, "shud u halp teh wickd an luv [a] dose hoo hate teh lord ? Cuz ov dis, teh wrath ov teh lord iz upon u.

thar iz, howevr, sum gud in u, 4 u has rid teh land ov teh asherah polez an has set ur hart on seekin ceilin cat."

jehoshafat livd in jerusalem, an he went out again among teh peeps frum beersheba 2 teh hill country ov efraim an turnd them bak 2 teh lord, teh ceilin cat ov their fathers.

he appointd judgez in da land, in each ov teh fortifid citiez ov judah.

he told them, "considr carefully wut u do, cuz u r not judgin 4 man but 4 da lord, hoo iz wif u whenevr u giv verdict.

nao let teh fear ov teh lord be upon u. Judge carefully, 4 wif teh lord r ceilin cat thar iz no injustice or partiality or bribery."

in jerusalem also, jehoshafat appointd sum ov teh levitez, priests an headz ov israelite familiez 2 administr teh law ov teh lord an 2 settle disputez. An they livd in jerusalem.

he gaev them thees orders: "u must serve faithfully an wholeheartedly in da fear ov teh lord.

in evry case dat comez before u frum ur fellow countrymen hoo liv in da citiezâ€”whethr bloodshd or othr concerns ov teh law, commandz, decreez or ordinancezâ€”u r 2 warn them not 2 sin against teh lord; otherwize his wrath will come on u an ur brothers. Do dis, an u will not sin.

undefined

joash wuz 7 yeers old when he became king, an he reignd in jerusalem forty yeers. His mommys naym wuz zibiah; she wuz frum beersheba.

joash did wut wuz rite in da eyez ov teh lord all teh yeers ov jehoiada teh priest.

jehoiada chose 2 wivez 4 him, an he had sons an daughters.

sum tiem latr joash decidd 2 restore teh temple ov teh lord.

he calld togethr teh priests an levitez an sed 2 them, "go 2 teh towns ov judah an collect teh money due annually frum all israel, 2 repair teh temple ov ur ceilin cat. Do it nao." but teh levitez did not act at once.

therefore teh king summond jehoiada teh chief priest an sed 2 him, "y havent u requird teh levitez 2 brin in frum judah an jerusalem teh tax imposd by mosez teh servant ov teh lord an by teh assembly ov israel 4 da tent ov teh covenant law?"

nao teh sons ov dat wickd woman athaliah had brokd into teh temple ov ceilin cat an had usd even itz sacrd objects 4 da baals.

at teh kings command, chest wuz made an placd outside, at teh gate ov teh temple ov teh lord.

proclamashun wuz den issud in judah an jerusalem dat they shud brin 2 teh lord teh tax dat mosez teh servant ov ceilin cat had requird ov israel in da wildernes.

all teh officials an all teh peeps brought their contribushuns ladly, droppin them into teh chest til it wuz full.

whenevr teh chest wuz brought in by teh levitez 2 teh kings officials an they saw dat thar wuz large amount ov money, teh royal secretary an teh officr ov teh chief priest wud come an empty teh chest an carry it bak 2 itz place. They did dis regularly an collectd great amount ov money.

teh king an jehoiada gaev it 2 dose hoo carrid out teh werk requird 4 da temple ov teh lord. They hird masons an carpenters 2 restore teh lordz temple, an also werkers in iron an bronze 2 repair teh temple.

teh doodz in charge ov teh werk wuz diligent, an teh repairs progresd undr them. They rebuilt teh temple ov ceilin cat accordin 2 itz original design an reinforcd it.

when they had finishd, they brought teh rest ov teh money 2 teh king an jehoiada, an wif it wuz made articlez 4 da lordz temple: articlez 4 da service an 4 da burnt offerings, an also dishez an othr objects ov gold an silvr. As long as jehoiada livd, burnt offerings wuz presentd continually in da temple ov teh lord.

nao jehoiada wuz old an full ov yeers, an he did at teh age ov hundrd an thirty. 16 he wuz burid wif teh kings in da city ov david, cuz ov teh gud he had dun in israel 4 ceilin cat an his temple.

undefined

aftr teh death ov jehoiada, teh officials ov judah came an paid homage 2 teh king, an he listend 2 them.

they abandond teh temple ov teh lord, teh ceilin cat ov their ancestors, an worshipd asherah polez an idols. Cuz ov their guilt, ceilin cats angr came on judah an jerusalem.

although teh lord sent profets 2 teh peeps 2 brin them bak 2 him, an though they testifid against them, they wud not listen.

den teh spirit ov ceilin cat came on zechariah son ov jehoiada teh priest. He stood before teh peeps an sed, "dis ar teh wut ceilin cat sez: y do u disobey teh lordz commandz? U will not prospr. Cuz u has forsaken teh lord, he has forsaken u. "

but they plottd against him, an by ordr ov teh king they stond him 2 death in da courtyard ov teh lordz temple.

king joash did not remembr teh kindnes zechariahs fathr jehoiada had shown him but killd his son, hoo sed as he lay dyin, "cud teh lord c dis an call u 2 akownt."

at teh turn ov teh yer, [a] teh army ov aram marchd against joash; it invadd judah an jerusalem an killd all teh leaders ov teh peeps. They sent all teh plundr 2 their king in damascus.

although teh aramean army had come wif only few doodz, teh lord deliverd into their hanz mutch largr army. Cuz judah had forsaken teh lord, teh ceilin cat ov their ancestors, judgment wuz executd on joash.

undefined

amaziah wuz 25 yeers old when he can has kinzdom an he reignd in jerusalem 4 26 yeers (dats 312 months k?) His mommys naym wuz geoadd'm, an geoadd'm wuz frum jerusalem az wells, coincidenced ov cuorse.

he lizen 2 da ceiling cat, hez had ben nice ketteh, but wen ceiling cat not be in Urth watching amaziah, he not have lizen 2 da Ceiling Cat, amaziah reelle badd ketteh, amazin no?

afer he gotted good da kinzdom e pwn teh n00bs hoo pwned teh daddai ov amaziah;

he not have pwn teh n00bz bbz, e lizen 2 da book da moses and utter stouffs cuz in da book da moses ceiling cat say you have no pwned 2 teh n00bz bbz, you have pwned 2 teh N00bz dou.

amaziah muzered (stuv 2 have awn hotdogz srlsy) judah en benjamin wit leederz of lotz. he is in anzestral howzez countin ur 20 yeer olds.

he is in israel buying warrier kettehs with ur silvar dizez.

uh good ketteh sayed ceiling cat sayed teh israel kettehs iz bad kettehs.

tell israel kettehs 2 take a nap.

amaziah sayed i is in israel buying warrier kettehs with ur silvar dizez, day was nice dizez, end beeseids ceiling cat not have see me be bad keeteh. good ketteh sayed "ceiling cat haz lots silvar dizez en ceiling 4 u.

amaziah likes teh silvar dizez soe e sent teh israel kittehs to taked nap, teh kittehs saded.

amaziah ten taked iz kettehs (but noe israel bad kettehs k?) an e be in ur salt killen de seers, cuz teh seers r bad kettehs.

teh judah kettehs is in yur summit ov sofa killen de seers, day been pushd, masif ovrkills.

teh israel kettehs have no nap, teh israel kittehs r bad kettehs (ceiling cat sayed teh tooth) et teh bad israel kettehs r in ur juda frum samaria 2 beth's horon killen ur 3,000 pplz, en took mur silvar dizez pur dur ketteh foad.

amaziah be back frum iz killen uv de edom kettehs (deh seer kettehs ez en edom no mur btw) he broughted teh Leakee Ceiling Cat uv teh seer kettehs, en amaziah gives teh cheeseburgerz 2 da Leakee Ceiling Cat ensted uv teh Ceiling Cat (evn tow da seer ceiling fan cat ez not reel en don evn liked teh cheeseburgrz)

Ceiling Cat sayed 2 amaziah "I be in ur hed making ur heer me cuz I have angr, u gives teh cheeseburgerz 2 da Leakee Ceiling Cat evn tow u kilz teh seer kettehs uv edom fur teh vry same stuffs!"

amaziah have no lizens 4 da Ceiling Cat, en teh Ceiling Cat sayed "u r en biged trobel 4 dis, u will be kilt like u kilt da seer kettehs, btw Leakee Ceiling Cat iz not reel, i iz not have maken em cuz kettehs hav no yoos 4 leakee ceilings btw."

kinz amaziah uv judah sented kettehs 2 joash (wooz daddie ez jehoahaz whooz daddie ez jehu whooz teh kinz uv teh israel kettehs btw) hoo sayed "let us be looken ketteh 2 ketteh"

joash sented kettes 2 amaziah hoo sayed "teh thistles  be in ur cedars uv lebanon asken 2 b married, teh thistles kilt by tes wildebeasts btw"

omg wtf saz amaziah, and joash explened teh meenin "you have no cheeseburgerz." amaziah is ensoulted cuz he has mani uv teh cheeseburgerz.

Diz iz awl teh plan uv Ceiling Cat 2 soon hav amaziah kilt btw.

Ten amaziah en hiz kettehs en joash uv israel en hiz kettehs be in ur Beth's shemesh (not her horon, cuz Beth's horon kilt bie teh bad israel kettehs) so tey can pwn teh uttrz n00bs.

israel pwned judah, srsly.

kinz joash pwned amaziah, kinz uv judah, whooz daddie ez joash whooz daddie is jehoahaz en all uv dat. Ten joash went 2 Jerusalem (nice place en judah btw) en he uberpwned all teh sofas with tur clauz, evn teh nice unz.

he be in teh house uv Ceiling Cat stealing all ov teh silvar dizez (evn teh gawld uns) en btw Leakee Ceiling Cat b4 gaw 10 2 4 ev ur cuz uv dis.

amaziah, whooz daddie ez joash, kinz uv judah, wuz kilt 15 yeers aftur joash whooz daddie wuz jehoahaz, kinz uv israel, started all dis businezez with Obed-edom.[a]

teh rest uv teh stuffs uv amaziah can be found en teh book: Kingz uv Judah en Israel (tis book not fownd enyware cuz teh turch uv Ceiling Cat brnd awl de copees cuz it wuz u borin reed)

now mani yeers after amaziah started givn hiz cheeseburgerz 2 Leakee Ceiling Cat ensted uv Ceiling Cat (az iz ow ting should be dun) amaziah went off to lachish cuz teh good ketteh have no like 4 amaziah (cuz amaziah bad ketteh) en teh good kettehz be in ur lachish killin ur amaziah.

undefined

Jothamz mommee wuz jerusha en jerushaz momeee wuz zadok bte, en he wuz 25 yeers old wen he g2g en be king cuz uzziah iz ded uv teh fleez.

He was a good ketteh, just like hiz daddie uzziah (omg wtf iz with diz storee, uzziah bad ketteh, cuz he no lizen 2 Ceiling Cat, get fact strate!) but Ceiling Cat did nut give jotham teh fleez cuz he did not have vistits 2 da Ceiling Catz home wen da Ceiling Cat did not have want for it. (Ceiling Cat iz teh 1 hoo gave uzziah teh evl fleez btw)

Jotham bult a noo sofa 4 teh Ceiling Cat’s home, e even built au nice scratchin post un deh hill of ophel, iz very nice of em.

he ten builted noo towz in teh hillz en in teh treez, an yees tay wur awsom tree houzez en teh tree town, 4 reel.

ten jotham wuz bord, he haz onredy beten guitar hero lvl expert (4 reel), so he pwnz teh ammonite kettehz, en ten jotham can have teh ammonites kettehz silvar dizez, en 10,000 cors uv weet en 10,000 cors uv barlee 2 put en teh silvar dizez en eated tem fur breekfest. Ditto 4 nex 2 yeers.

Ceiling Cat gave jotham mad skillz cuz he lizen 2 Ceiling Catz vareeuz whimz.

Teh utter more interestin stuffs tat jotham did en iz fr33 time en in an utter book, teh book uv kingz uv Israel en Judah, good lucks findin it.

He ez 25 yeers old when he becamed king uv Jerusalem an all uv dat utter stuffs, en he did dat dai job 4 16 yeers, en ten he ded en iz babea ahaz got 2 be king 4 a wile. Jotham bureed en cite uv david en all dat jazz btw.

Uzziah put presntz en Jerusalem et teh cornr bai the door, en et the door, en et teh slantin part uv teh wall.

he alzo left presntz en teh littr boxes en eh also buried tem, en uzziah ad many mouses en teh hils en utter stuffs.

uzziah also can haved mani ninja kettehs, srsly, un uv tem ez called jeiel (teh ninja secretaree) en un uv tem ez called hananiah (the roial ninja ofizal)

ten tur wuz ovr 2,600 ninja kettehs! Srsly no jok!

un not only were tur ninja kettehs, but dur wuz des armi of 307,500 warrier kettehs (who r not ninjas, but still can hav places en histeree) tis ez a veri stron armi btw.

uzziah got teh katanaz en the sheelds, en coatz uv fur, en the cheezburgerz 4 all teh warrrierz en teh ninja ketteh armiz, cuz he good kettehz.

en Jerusalem he can have computrz dezinged bai teh skillfull en intelligented pplz fur yoos az towerz, cuz tay veri nice 2 sit on an hurl large objetz off onto ketteh under u btw. Cuz uv dis all teh utter kettehs wur scarded uv em. (srsly I wud be 2)

But ten cuz all teh utter kettehs wur scarded uv em, uzziah did not tink he needed teh Ceiling Cat animor, so he did no lizen 2 teh Ceiling Cat animor.

en ten uzziah en all teh kettehs hoo ad nutten bettr 2 do dat dai went ento the house uv teh Ceiling Cat.

u can not bee here said teh good kettehs, you no lizen 2 Ceiling Cat, so he no wanna talks 2 u, kthx bai!

uzziah did not leev do, not evn 2 take u nap, he be angree ketteh,

ten the good kettehs sawed uzziah scratch iz hed en teh good kettehs saiz “o noes! u av teh fleez!” en tai made uzziah leev the house uv Ceiling Cat cuz tai did not have want to give fleez 2 da Ceiling Cat, tey ichez.

Since nun uv teh utter kettehs wanted teh fleez, uzziah had 2 lived all be imself, en he veri saded, en den he was kilt just cuz he got old. Durin dis uzziah’s babie, jotham got to liv in teh palas.

The utter stuffs uzziah did wen he waz uber king uv Judah iz in dah book uv isaiah, amoz wuz isaiahz dadiee btw, it good book 2 reed.

undefined

Hezekiah waz 25 wen Hezekiah wuz maded king LOLCat, an Hezekiah pwnd in Jooruselum 29 years. His mothr wuz Abijaah dawter ov Zechariah.

He maded wot wuz rite in teh eyz of Ceiling Cat, jus his fathr David maded pwn.

In teh first month ov his pwnage, he made teh doorz of teh lounge ov Ceiling Cat open an repaired htem.

He getted in LOLcat manz and teh neighbourz, putted tehm in teh garden on teh othr seid

an sed: "I pwn, neighbourz! Wash yooz and cleen teh lounge of Ceiling Cat, teh Ceiling Cat ov yooz fathrs. Takez teh evil stuf from teh lounge.

Our fathrz waz evilz; htey did evil stufz to Ceiling Cat an made poopz in teh lounge ov Ceiling Cat. Htey lockd Ceiling Cat in teh garden an no let him in teh house.

Htey also maded teh doorz of teh patio cloze and putted out teh litez. Htey did not teh chanj kitty littr ov Ceiling Cat.

Ceiling Cat wuz pissed off wif teh peeplz ov teh house and maded htem like dogz an evil.

Our fathrz wur scratchd teh sunz and teh dawters and teh wivez are lockd inseid.

I now make playz wif Ceiling Cat and he no h8 us no more.

undefined

kk so ther was a kitteh called ManASSah (srlsy, lol).  He wuz ruller wen he wuz twelf an he rullered for like more time then the internets existed, srsly.

Den Oh noes! ManASSah did evul in de sight of celing cat!! He wuz all like bein like teh googies, who the celing cat said wuz not kewl.Srly.

He did all teh bad thingss, he sai goggies are bettuh dan kittehs (which dey not!) and he maek leik groves and stuffs to goggies, which teh kitteh Hezzekaiah (him daddeh) had smashded up souper bad and stuffs. He builded alters to Baal (badd) and powls for asherasherah.  He p-ed off ceiling cat meguh bad.  srsly

He built alters in celing cats howse, in jewuslam evin!!! most unkewl.

He maked mo alters in de patio behind de scrween door of the celing cats house. He wuz burrin all de lettle kittehs, he put his kittehs in fiyah.  He wuz all liek 'Iz in ur howse, makin badness'

He make spellz liek harry Potter and talked to wizards like dumbledorf, and celing cats was all like "DOOD geddowt o mah howse!"  an he carved out goggie statues and saided dat dey will last longerer dan enyfink else. Ceiling Cat was well pissed.

Liek ages ago, Ceiling Cat had towlded David and Sollomon: Jerewsalum iz dah place ai liekz da bestest.  Iz mine. srsly

If mah kittehs be gud kittehs and listensed to MosesKitte den dey can stay here, in deh warmthiness wiv deh hoomins.

Buh, Oh noez!! deh kittehs in Jeroosalem listeneded to ManASSah an no to Celing Cat and dey did even more invisibubl errors dan teh goggies didded.  Oh noez!!

Ceiling Cat wuz all like "d00d!! wat iz u doin?  srsly!" but ManASSah no listeneded to Ceiling Cat.  OMG!  Wat a n00b!

So ceilin cat let all deh Hamstuhs dat wer nearby attaks in dem Hamsteh balls and ManASSah wuz stoopid and got pwnd.  Deh hamstuhs putted a hook in his nowes and taked him bak to dem cage in Babylon.

Wen ManASSah wuz der, he sended a txt to Ceiling Cat seyin dat he was stoopid and askeded for halp.

Ceilin Cat readed teh txt and so he tolded dem hamstuhs to let him go back and be teh ruller agen.  ManASSah new dat Ceiling Cat was srsly for real.

Laytuh, ManASSah builded teh bit of Jeroewsalum's wall on teh rite sied of it, and he maded it BIGGERER!  He also maded shoer dat Judah wuz protected from teh goggies and teh hamstuhs

ManASSah also goted rid of teh bad alters and stuff taht ceiling cat fowt wuz unkewl

Den he maded Ceiling Cat's alter fixd and maded him a cookie - but he did not eated it - and he asked for can has cheezburger.  He tolded all teh kittehs to prayz Ceiling Cat and asks for can has cheezburgrz alsos.

Teh kittehs lissened to ManASSah (srsly, r dey sheepz or summin?) but dey talkd to Ceiling Cat in dem own playcez

Evryting else ManASSah (lol!  still funneh) had doned is in a different book "Teh historeh o teh rullers izrayl"

Hozay writed lotz abowt ManASSah buh Hozay alsos writed bowt teh erruhz dat he didded befor he towt bowt ceiling cat liek all teh bad stuffs An invizzibul errors An stuff.  srsly

ManASSah wuz deaded An wuz buryed neer teh paliss, An him son Amon wuz king.

Amon wuz twentee-too yers old wen he wuz kingified An he rulled for twoo yers.  Dat no very much.

Amon did bad kitteh tings like ManASSah An mak liek tousands of invisible errors

Here teh ting.  ManASSah went gud in teh end, liek Darf Vayduh in Star Wuhs, buh Amon no even ask if can has cheezburger!  SRSLY!  He wuz even baddeh dan him Daddy.

Sum of Amon's maets wunned to kills Amon An dey did.

undefined

Josiah wuz 8 yeers old when he became king, an he reignd in jerusalem thirty-wan yeers.

he did wut wuz rite in da eyez ov teh lord an walkd in da ways ov his fathr david, not turnin aside 2 teh rite or 2 teh left.

in da eighth yer ov his reign, while he wuz still young, he began 2 seek teh ceilin cat ov his fathr david. In his twelfth yer he began 2 purge judah an jerusalem ov high placez, asherah polez, carvd idols an cast imagez.

undr his direcshun teh altars ov teh baals wuz torn down; he cut 2 piecez teh incense altars dat wuz aboov them, an smashd teh asherah polez, teh idols an teh imagez. Thees he broke 2 piecez an scatterd ovar teh gravez ov dose hoo had sacrificd 2 them.

He burnd teh bonez ov teh priests on their altars, an so he purgd judah an jerusalem.

in da towns ov manaseh, efraim an simeon, as far as naftali, an in da ruins around them,

he tore down teh altars an teh asherah polez and crushd teh idols 2 powdr an cut 2 piecez all teh incense altars throughout israel. Den he went bak 2 jerusalem.

in da eighteenth yer ov josiahs reign, 2 purify teh land an teh temple, he sent shafan son ov azaliah an maaseiah teh rulr ov teh city, wif joah son ov joahaz, teh recordr, 2 repair teh temple ov teh lord his ceilin cat.

they went 2 hilkiah teh high priest an gaev him teh money dat had been brought into teh temple ov ceilin cat, which teh levitez hoo wuz teh doorkeepers had collectd frum teh peeps ov manaseh, efraim an teh entire remnant ov israel an frum all teh peeps ov judah an benjamin an teh inhabitants ov jerusalem.

den they entrustd it 2 teh doodz appointd 2 supervize teh werk on teh lordz temple. Thees doodz paid teh werkers hoo repaird an restord teh temple.

they also gaev money 2 teh carpenters an builders 2 purchase dresd stone, an timbr 4 joists an beams 4 da buildings dat teh kings ov judah had allowd 2 fall into ruin.

teh doodz did teh werk faithfully. Ovar them 2 direct them wuz jahath an obadiah, levitez descendd frum merari, an zechariah an meshullam, descendd frum kohath. Teh levitezâ€”all hoo wuz skilld in playin musical instruments-

had charge ov teh laborers an supervisd all teh werkers frum job 2 job. Sum ov teh levitez wuz secretariez, scribez an doorkeepers.

while they wuz bringin out teh money dat had been taken into teh temple ov teh lord, hilkiah teh priest findz teh book ov teh law ov teh lord dat had been given thru mosez.

hilkiah sed 2 shafan teh secretary, "i has findz teh book ov teh law in da temple ov teh lord." he gaev it 2 shafan.

den shafan took teh book 2 teh king an reportd 2 him: "ur officials r doin evrythin dat has been committd 2 them.

they has paid out teh money dat wuz in da temple ov teh lord an has entrustd it 2 teh supervisors an werkers."

den shafan teh secretary informd teh king, "hilkiah teh priest has given me book." an shafan read frum it in da presence ov teh king.

when teh king herd teh werdz ov teh law, he tore his robez.

he gaev thees orders 2 hilkiah, ahikam son ov shafan, abdon son ov micah, [a] shafan teh secretary an asaiah teh kings attendant:

"go an inquire ov teh lord 4 me an 4 da remnant in israel an judah bout wut iz written in dis book dat has been findz. Great iz teh lordz angr dat iz pourd out on us cuz r fathers has not kept teh werd ov teh lord; they has not actd in accordance wif all dat iz written in dis book."

hilkiah an dose teh king had sent wif him [b] went 2 speek 2 teh profetes huldah, hoo wuz teh wife ov shallum son ov tokhath, [c] teh son ov hasrah, [d] keepr ov teh wardrobe. She livd in jerusalem, in da second district.

she sed 2 them, "dis ar teh wut teh lord, teh ceilin cat ov israel, sez: tell teh man hoo sent u 2 me,

dis ar teh wut teh lord sez: im goin 2 brin disastr on dis place an itz peeps - all teh cursez written in da book dat has been read in da presence ov teh king ov judah.

cuz they has forsaken me an burnd incense 2 othr godz an provokd me 2 angr by all dat their hanz has made, [e] mah angr will be pourd out on dis place an will not be quenchd.

tell teh king ov judah, hoo sent u 2 inquire ov teh lord, dis ar teh wut teh lord, teh ceilin cat ov israel, sez concernin teh werdz u herd:

cuz ur hart wuz responsiv an u humbld yourself before ceilin cat when u herd wut he spoke against dis place an itz peeps, an cuz u humbld yourself before me an tore ur robez an wept in mah presence, i has herd u, declarez teh lord.

nao im gonna gathr u 2 ur fathers, an u will be burid in peace. Ur eyez will not c all teh disastr im goin 2 brin on dis place an on dose hoo liv her. " 
So they took her anzwr bak 2 teh king.

den teh king calld togethr all teh elders ov judah an jerusalem.

he went up 2 teh temple ov teh lord wif teh doodz ov judah, teh peeps ov jerusalem, teh priests an teh levitez - all teh peeps frum teh least 2 teh greatest. He read in their hearin all teh werdz ov teh book ov teh covenant, which had been findz in da temple ov teh lord.

teh king stood by his pillar an renewd teh covenant in da presence ov teh lord -2 follow teh lord an keep his commandz, regulashuns an decreez wif all his hart an all his soul, an 2 obey teh werdz ov teh covenant written in dis book.

den he had evryone in jerusalem an benjamin pledge themselvez 2 it; teh peeps ov jerusalem did dis in accordance wif teh covenant ov ceilin cat, teh ceilin cat ov their fathers.

undefined

Jozaiah keeped a speshul cookie for Ceiling Cat in Jeroosalum An he maded teh cookie on teh forteenth dai of Januareh

An he tolded teh preests to maked cookiez fur Ceiling Cat An to ask for can has cheezburgrs.

An he tolded teh Levis dat tauhgt all Izrayl and has cheezburgers to puh teh Cheezburger Ark in Ceiling Cat's houes an to taek it easeh.  srsly

An to maked cookie for Ceiling Cat An to be wiv dem frendz

An to go to Ceiling Cat's howse for sez "Hai!" to Ceiling Cat.

So dem maded teh speshul cookiez for Ceiling Cat An asksed for can has cheezburger

An Jozeeah gived stuffs to teh peepls an teh preests An gived teh preests sum cookie mix.

An him sons alsos gived stuffs to teh peepls An teh preests

An so did Conananannaiahanahahaiah, Shemamamamamamaiah and Neeanderethanol and sum uver ov Jozayah's brudders gived dem stuffs too

An so teh Cookie service wuz maded An teh peepls did wuh Jozaiah tolded dem to do

An so dem maded teh speshul cookie An dey no eated it An teh preests An teh Leevis addeded speshul sprinkulzes to teh cookie.

Teh Levis gaved teh cookies to Ceiling Cat liek Mosescat sed to.

After dat, all teh kittehs hadded washytime for can has cheezburger

Teh preests wuz maked cookie for teh hole dai An at teh end, dem cud eated a cookie

Durin teh parteh coz of teh cookies, der was lotza musix an teh guardkittehs fowt dat dem shud be der but Ceiling Cat sed "Oh Hai!  Don worry, u no has to go to teh parteh if you no wanna, stey An guarded teh cuontreh. srsly. kthxbai"

So dat wuz wen a speshul cookie dai was maded for Ceiling Cat liek Jozzy saided

Dat parteh wuz so kewl dat dem haved anuvver one eech yer for seven yers. Dats, liek, forevur or sumfink.

Teh cookie parteh wuz teh plaec to beh.  If u no wuz der, u no wuz kewl.  evry1 wuz der!

An ya no wa?  Dis all happeneded in teh aiteenth yer of Joziaiaih rullin in Jooduh

Laytuh on, teh Eggypshuns attaked Joodah so Joziah sended sum armeh kittehs to meat dem.

Den, teh Eggy king sended a email to Joz taht sedded "d00d!  Wat r u doin man!  We no at warr, but Ceiling Cat has tolded me to kill meh enomies quikliez so don ged in meh way! no jokes, srsly. so stoppit kthx"

Buh Joz no listened to teh Eggy warnin even tho Ceiling Cat had sedded it.  Den, he pretended to be normal kitteh and attackeded alsos.

During teh battul, Jozi wuz hitted bai a arrow.  "GMTFO!" he sedded.

So teh servin kittehs taked Joziah back to Jeroosalum but he dieded.  lol, n00b.  Joz wuz berried wiv hiz anchestas.

Jeremiah, teh profit, writed a funeral singsong for Jozzy.  Even now, neone taht morns Jozzia sings dis singsong.

All teh uvver stuffs he didded was writed in

undefined

Rite awaez Cyrus, Perzian top cat, to makes teh wurd of teh Ceiling Cat by teh mouf of Jeremiah truth, teh Ceiling Cat riled hims up and made him says and writted it down,

Cyrus top cat of Persia sayz Ceiling Cat doen gotted meh awl kingdoems of urth; and him wantz me make him a house at Jerusalem, srsly, in Judah.

Oh, Hai? Who iz of LOLcats? Ceiling Cat bez wif him, go gets him up tu Judah an maeks a houz for teh Ceiling Cat of Israel, (him iz Ceiling Cat,) which is in Jerusalem.

And whos stayz where him goed, let tems gives him silber, bling, an cheezburgers, besides teh other stuff gives tu teh Ceiling Cat house dat iz in Jerusalem.

Then him gets up with teh other cats and teh Levites, with Benjamins, to goes and build teh Ceiling Cat house in Jerusalem.

And everyone gives them silber, bling, and cheezburgers, even not eated them even after giving teh other stuff.

Cyrus teh Persian top cat also bringed out Nebuchandnezzares stuff, and putted them in teh Cat houze too. Srsly.;

Even all that stuff did Cyrus Persian top cat bringed out by teh paws of Mithredath the treasurer, and counted thems out to Seshbazzar, bestest cat of Judah.

And teh numberz be: thirtee plaitz of cheezburgers, ah thowzand plates of silber, no quite thirtee knifes,

Thirtee boels of cheezburgers, a bunche of silber bowls, an about a thowzand other stuffs.

undefined

Now the kittehs of the place that Nebuchandnezzars stolened off to Babylon, and comes back to Jerusalem and Judah;

Dat comez with Zerubbabel: Jeshua, Nehemiah, Seraiah, Reelaiiah, Mordecai, Bilshan, Mizpar, Bigvai, Rehum, Baanah. The numberz of catz of Israel:

Teh kittehs of Parosh, two thowzands and hunnderd seventy two.

Teh kittehs of Shephatiah, three hunnderd seventy two.

Teh kittehs of Arah, seven hunnderd seventy and five.

Teh kittehs of Pahath moab, of the kittehs of Jeshua and Joab, two thowzands and eight hunnderd an twelve.

Teh kittehs of Elam, a thowzand and two hunnderd and fifty and four.

Teh kittehs of Zattu, nine hunnderd and fourty and five.

Teh kittehs of Zaccai, seven hunnderd and threescorez.

Teh kittehs of Bani, six hunnderd forty and two.

Teh kittehs of Bebai, six hunnderd twenty and three.

Teh kittehs of Azgad, thowzand two hunnderd twenty and two.

Teh kittehs of Adonikam, six hunndred sixty and six.

Teh kittehs of Beguai, two thowzand fiftry and six.

Teh kittehs of Adin, fower hunndred fiftry and fower.

Teh kittehs of Ather, whos is kittehs of Ezechias, only ninety-eight.

Teh kittehs of Besai, tree hunndred and twenty and tree.

Teh kittehs of Jora, a hunndred and twelve.

Teh kittehs of Hasum, two hunndred and twenty and tree.

Teh kittehs of Gebbar, only ninnety and five.

Teh kittehs of Bethlehem, a hunndred and twenty and tree.

Teh catz of Netupha, only fiftry and six.

Teh catz of Anathoth, a hunndred and twenty and ate.

Teh kittehs of Azmaveth, only fowerty and two (but iz answer to univerwse life and evrything).

Teh kittehs of Cariathiarim and Cephira and Beroth, sven hunndred and fowerty and tree.

Teh kittehs of Rama and Gabaa, six hunndred and twenty and den one more dude.

Teh catz of Machmas, a hunndred and twenty and two.

Teh catz of Bethel and Hai, two hunndred and twenty and tree.

Teh kittehs of Nebo, only fiftry and two.

Teh kittehs of Megbis, a hunndred and fiftry and six.

Teh kittehs of the other Elam ('cuz we haz two Elams, and dis not first Elam, k thx?), one thowzand two hunndred and fiftry and fivers.

Teh kittehs of Harim, tree hunndred and twenty.

Teh kittehs Lod and Hadid and Ono, sven hunndred and twenty and five.

Teh kittehs of Jericho (i can haz trumpets?), tree hunndred and twenties.

Teh kittehs of Senaa, tree thowzand ans six hunndred and thirty.

And for priests of the ceiling cat, teh tittehs of Jadaia from sofa of Josue, nine hunndred and sventry and tree.

Teh kitteh of Emmer, a thowzand and fitry and two.

Teh kittehs of Pheshur, a thowzand and two hunndred and fortry and sven.

Teh kittehs of Harim (wtf? we did dees dudes in verse 32), a thowzand and sventeen

Teh Levites is teh kittehs of Josue and Cedmihel and kittehs of Odovia, is only sventry and fower.

Teh singing kittehs who go "MEERRROROOOOWWW" from Asaph, a hunndred and twenty and eight.

Teh kittehs of da bellhops are hunnderd and thirtry and nine. Dey is all from Sellum an Ater an Telmon an Accub an Hatita n Sobai. *yawn*

Teh tempul cleanrs are: teh kittehs ov Ziha, Hasufa, Taba-uf,

Keros, Siaha, Padon,

Lebunuh, Hagabuh, Akkub,

Hagab, Shalmai, Hanan,

Giddle, Gahar, Reyayah,

Recin, Nekoda, Gazzam,

Uza, Paseyuh, Besai,

Asnah, Me-unim, Nepusim,

Bakbuk, Hakufa, Harher,

Basluhf, Mehida, Harsha,

Barkos (not to b teh dog saunds), Sisera, Temah,

Nezayya, n Hatipha

Teh kittehs of teh undrlings uf Solomon be teh kittehs of Sotai, Hasoferet, Peruda,

Jaala, Darkon, Giddel,

Sepacha, Hattil, Pokereth-Hazebaym n Ami

undefined

K, it taek leik sevun monthz foar awl teh Israelites teh go an has gud nap, thn they cum n maek srsly hawt party in Jerusalem.

But Jeshua son of Jozadak n sum othur gais r leik "No wai!" n thay maek altur of Ceiling Cat of Israel an go, "Hai! Can has smokeh aminalz or sth," cuz it wuz sed by Moses the d00d of Ceiling Catzor.

Even tho all teh peeps r scared an leik "ZOMG", thay maek altur n e wayz cuz they wanting teh give Ceiling Cat gud prezentz an stuff.

Then they has feast uf tabbynackles where Ceiling Cat gets mor prezentz

At teh new moon, they gives Ceiling Cat mor prezentz, and also sumtimes randomly they wur just leik "here haz gifts" and Ceiling Cat was liek "k".

undefined

Wen enamees of Judah an Benjamin heerd about teh tempull foar Ceiling Cat,

dey wentz to Zerubbabel an teh othur importunt gais an sed "O, hai!  We can helpz u plz?  We wantz to fynd teh Ceiling Cat."

But Zerubabbel an Jeshua an other gais sed "No wai!  Ceiling Cat sed taht we bildz tempull!"

Den teh peepz dere tryd to maek dem stop teh bilding.

Dey got sum gaiz to helpz dem wif deir bad stuff.  Srsly.

Teh peepz complaynd to teh king

All teh baddies rote this big letter to teh king

undefined

Den, teh profets, Haggai teh profet, an Zechariah teh son of Iddo, profezied unto teh Jews dat were in Judah an Jerusalem in teh name of teh Ceiling Cat of Israel, even unto dem.

Den rose up Zerubbabel teh son of Shealtiel, an Jeshua teh son of Jozadak, an began to build teh house of Ceiling Cat which is at Jerusalem: an wif fem were teh prophets of Ceiling Cat helping fem.

At teh same time came to fem Tattenai, governor on fis side teh river, an Shethar-Bozenai an feir companions, an said fus unto fem, who haf commanded you to build fis house, an to make up fis wall?

fen said we unto fem after fis manner, what are teh names of teh men fat make fis building?

But teh eye of feir Ceiling Cat wuz upon teh elders of teh Jews, fat fey cud not cause fem to cease, till teh matter came to Darius: an fen fey returned answer by letter concerning fis matter.

teh copy of teh letter fat Tattenai, governor on fis side teh river, an Shethar-Bozenai an his companions teh Apharsachites, which were on fis side teh river, sent unto Darius teh king:

fey sent a letter unto him, wherein wuz written fus; Unto Darius teh king, all peace.

Be it known unto teh king, fat we went into teh province of Judah, to teh house of teh great God, which is builded wif great stones, an timber is laid in teh walls, an fis work goef fast on, an prosperef in feir hands.

fen asked we fose elders, an said unto fem fus, Who commanded you to build fis house, an to make up dese walls?

We asked feir names also, to certify fee, fat we might write teh names of teh men fat were teh chief of fem.

an fus fey returned us answer, saying, We are teh servants of teh Ceiling Cat of heaven an earf, an build teh house fat wuz builded fese many years ago, which a great king of Israel builded an set up.

But after fat our fafers had provoked teh God of heaven unto wraf, he gave fem into teh hand of Nebuchadnezzar teh king of Babylon, teh Chaldean, who destroyed fis house, an carried teh people away into Babylon.

But in teh first year of Cyrus teh king of Babylon teh same king Cyrus made a decree to build fis house of God.

an teh vessels also of gold an silver of teh house of Ceiling Cat, which Nebuchadnezzar took out of teh temple fat wuz in Jerusalem, an brought fem into teh temple of Babylon, fose did Cyrus teh king take out of teh temple of Babylon, an fey were delivered unto one, whose name wuz Sheshbazzar, whom he had made governor;

an said unto him, Take fese vessels, go, carry fem into teh temple fat is in Jerusalem, an let teh house of Ceiling Cat be builded in his place.

fen came teh same Sheshbazzar, an laid teh foundation of teh house of Ceiling Cat which is in Jerusalem: an since fat time even until now haf it been in building, an yet it is not finished.

undefined

Darius tole evreewun to go lok in teh libery.

An tehy fownd a book an it sed:
 Yo:

Cyrus was bossin ppl round an he tld em to go bild a hows for Ceiling Cat cuz he dint no Ceiling Cat alredy had a ohuse els how cud he be in ceiling? Anewai he said:
 Biuld a big ole house

wif roks an wood, srsly. I is gona pai for it.

undefined

After thatz, when Artaxerxes wuz boss, Ezra sed "O HAI!1!!"

Him wuz

begatted

by lotsa

pplz.

Ezra livd in Babblelawn; him wuz a scribblur, expurrt in teh lawl ov Moozes, which the Lord Ceiling Cat ov teh Ceiling had givd tehm. Teh keeng givd him lotsa stufz, cuz Ceiling Cat sed so.

Ezra goed to Jeroosalem wit some Isrealightz, preests, Levitez, timple singerz, and a bunch other pplz, in teh seventh yeer of Keeng Artaxerxes.

Tehy gotz to Jeroosalem in teh fif month ov teh sevnth yeer.

Him had beegun him jornee frum Babblelawn on teh firs day of teh firs month, an him areyevded in Jeroosalem on teh firs day of teh fif month, fur teh graceios paw ov teh Ceiling Cat wuz on him.

Fur Ezra had dvoted himself two teh stirdy an obbsirvance ov teh Lawl ov teh Ceiling Cat, an two teachn itz dkrees an lawls in Izreal.

So teh keeng givded tihs letur to teh learneded preest Ezra cuz him knoz wut Ceiling Cat wanz:

OH HAI!

Nou I dkree taht ani ov teh Isrealightz in mai keengdum, enclueding preestz an Levitez, hoo voluntear to go to Jeroosalem wit yew, may go.

Yew ar scent bi teh keeng an him sevn advicers to inquoir bout Joodah an Jeroosalem wit regard to teh Lawl ov yewz Ceiling Cat, wich iz in yewz paw.

An, yew ar to tak wit yew teh silveh and gowd taht teh keeng an him advicers av freeleh givd to teh Ceiling Cat ov Isreal, hooz sofa iz in Jeroosalem,

togedder wit al teh silveh and gowd yew may obtane fom teh Babblelawn, an teh gifz ov teh kittehz an preests fur Ceiling Cat.

undefined

Den teh leedrz came up to me n say sum of r guyz not actin liek good kittehs, actin liek dogs n pigs n stuff.

Dey even be marryin womn frum othr places dat dont pray to Ceiling Cat, srsly.

When I herd dis I got mad n ripd out sum fur. Den I just sat aroun

until dinnrtiem, an lots of people around dinnr wer mad liek me.

An I waz still mad so nsted of eatn dinnr I got on teh floor n sed up to Ceiling Cat

I no wes not been good kittehs yeerz ago.

I no wes been punishd befor.

But I thot we was bein gud now, an you been gud to us.

U let us sleep on ur couch n everythin.

But now, turnz out wes bad kittehs again, srsly.

U tol us ppl round here not gud to get maried to.

N we mary dem anyway? wtf?

We iz bad kittehs. U gonna punish us now.

Why we bein so bad, idunno.

undefined

Wuz Ahasuerus (Ahasuerus rulz Injuns An Ethiopia an all teh kittehs btwn, lotz o plazes)

King Ahasuerus haz chair and big houz in Shushan

In teh third yeer, he maked cheezburgrs An cookies, giv to prinz An servntz; teh powerz Purrsia n Media wuz ther

He haz lots shiny thingz, took long time 2 show

He haz partee for 7 dayz in teh leaves in teh houz

Was hangin things to play wit and bedz to sleep

Lotz to drinkz

King sayd to every cat in houz, drink lotz

Queen Vashti also haz partee

undefined

Getz Vashti so i can sho her like shiny things

Vashti went AFK. king got agro

King askd smrt ppl:

Wit 7 princes

Wht shd hapn wit Vashti, she iz gai

Memucan sai Vishti hert every boy lolcat

Vishti inspyr all girlz to be bad

Teh ladyz now haz rath

Royl comand dat king find nother grl

undefined

King Ahasuerus was lke happycat, he remeberd Vashti and lost happy

Servntz askd for yung virginz for king

King made head lolcats to find virginz and bring 2 houz, they given loot for make prety

Teh grl who make king mostest happycat winz lol An take vishti places

Ther was mordecai son of benjamite

was careed from cat city

Mordecai haz esther for dawter cuz paretnz ded

Lotz of ppl brawt to houz cluding esther

Esther pleez hegai cuz esther has flavor and got bestest roomz in teh houz

Esther no showz peeps she jewz

Mordecai was interested cat is interested bout esther

Grls got rdy for PENIS GOES WHERE wit king 4 yeer and given l00t to get prety

All grls went to king wit l00t

Esther waz caled esther

Lotz of ppl thinks esther haz flavor

On 7 yeer rule esther haz PENIS GOES WHERE

King haz luv 4 esther because she haz flavor and other vrginz are doing it wrong; esther got hat

King haz make cheezburgers and kookies for prinzs An esther

Virginz was togeder with mordecai sees what you do there on gate

Esther no tellz ppl she jewz cuz mordecai sayz so

Mordecai saw what bigthan and teresh did there

Mordecai tellz esther An esther tells king what bigthan and teresh sayz

undefined

Xerxes put Haman, sun of teh Agagite, in hi place

All srvntz of king haz scared of Haman, but Mordecai no haz scared

Srvntz axe Mordecai y u no haz scared

Mordecai waz leik lol noobz i jew

Haman saw wat Mordecai did there and he haz agro

Haman h8t An want kil ded all Jews because dey do it wrong

At rite timez

Haman sez 2 king thes peeps do it wrong

Des guyz are gai

Hamen gotz circle from king

King saiz do it

King haz scribses tel ppl bout wat will happn

Teh letterz sais kil al Jews no mater wat and take ther l00t

Erbudy rdy up

undefined

Mordecai no want, he putz on sad clothes An hissed

Went to teh gate of teh houz

Al plases ppl haz sad An jewz no haz cheezburgers An hissing

Esther herd bout dis stuffs and had sad, she sent prity shirt to mordecai but he no want

Esther tellz hatach go get mordecai an askz him wazzup

He did

Mordecai waz leik haman is gonna kil al jewz An giv cheezburgers to king

Mordecai tellz hatach 2 tellz esther 2 tellz king to stop wtf r u doin

He did

Esther tel hatach go 2 mordecai agen

Esther waz leik tel Mordecai king wil kil me if i go to him becuz it lawz

He did

Mordecai waz leik do it n e way

If u dont ur parentz will be pwnd

Esther sai rdy set go

Esther sayz tel jewz no eet cheezburgerz or drinkz for 3 dayz An i go 2 king An i mite di

undefined

on 3rd dai, esther putz on nice clothz to c king. king iz sat on big shiny chair

"omg nice clothz. u can haz mi shiny stick" sez king

"do u want somthing?"

"u n haman can haz tasty foodz wit me?" asks esther

"k" sez king.

king haz eeten tasty foodz n asks "foodz iz good so wot u want?"

n esther sez

"u n haman come 4 tasty foodz agin 2moro?"

n haman went home v hapy but mordecai wuz being sogy blankit n refuzed 2 bow 2 him

so haman cald 4 posse n sed

"lol king likez mi

n esther cuz she askd mi 2 eet tasty foodz with her

but mordecai iz bein all hater"

undefined

dat nite king not slep so gud so he red his myspace entryz

n lo! dere b myspace entry about mordecai n how he warnded king of nasty plotz of bigthana and teresh

so king sez "mordecai can haz cheezburgrz?!", but he wuz mad and stuffs. n serventz sez "nuthin lol"

haman cam by 2 speak 2 king abot rope swing n mordecai.

so king toled him 2 cum in n speke 2 him.

n king asked haman "wot kind ov cheezburgrs shud i giv 2 thos i laik?" haman tuk it all rong and thot king wanted 4 giv haman cheezburgers

so haman sez "if u want giv cheezburgrs,

u shud giv own cheezburgrs! n also horsy ride n shiny king hat n shiny king clothz

n importnt kitteh shud lede teh kitteh u laik thru town so ppl can bow 2 him"

king sez "k. u can giv cheezburgrs to mordecai. also horsy ride, shiny clothz and shiny king hat."

so haman led mordecai thru town n said "see wot happenz wen king laiks u!"

n mordecai went bak 2 kings gayte but haman went home all mizzerble.

haman told posse bout bad day n posse sez "mebbe u giv up nao?"

undefined

so king n haman n esther b havin tasty foodz.

tasty foodz wuz gud so king ask esther "wot u want dis time?"

esther sez "i can haz life n mi ppl can haz life?

cuz mi ppl haz been solded into nonlivng n dat not gud. not mind beeng solded 4 work, but not living v bad."

so king askz "hoo wud mayke u ded?

n esther sez "lol haman" n haman wuz scarded

king went 4 walkies so haman askded esther for merci

but king not happi 2 cum bak n find haman on esthers bed. king ask "u trying to SURPRIZE BUTTSECKS mi wife?" so servents cum 2 tell haman to stfu noob and tuk him awai.

n one gai sez 2 king "luk at v big rope swing haman builded 4 mordecai" n king sez "lol neck swing 4 haman insted"

undefined

End den Ahasuerus canhaz'd da houz uv Haman de Jewfighta' canhaz'd ta Esther teh hi ladycat. (Her ar queen nao lulz) Mordecai lul'd en frunt uf da lolking fer Esther lold et he that shecanhaz'd him chzbrgr.

End lolking tuk da lolring, wich him canhaz'd frum Haman, end canhazd et ta Mordecai. Den Esther wuv'd Mordecai MOAR dan her wuv'd Haman.

End Esther lol'd agen far da lolking, emd flopd et him feets, end lold et him wif soggy eyewater ta noet deathlol at Haman da Agagite, end his JEWMACHINE.

Lolking tuk hiz shinystick end poof'd eet at Esther. So da Esther stud up, and lol'd et teh lolking.

And lol'd: If lolking r happy wif me, and if If lolking r happy wif me, and if If lolking r happy wif me, mak haman not keeldeded jewcatz okay? thx:

Wonce evil happenz and mah pplz are keeleded, I can lol no more.

Then lolking Ahasuerus lol'd @ Esther, top lolkitty and Mordecai the Jiwcat, lol, Icanhaz'd Esther the houze Haman, and him hanged they haz on gallowz, because he had der Jewmachine

lol @ the jewcatz w/ the lolkings permisshun: becuz ppl rispect lolking, kay?

Theen kingz writermen wer cald at sum pioint we dun care abut, that is, the month Sivan, on the three and twentieth day thereof; and they luld @ everyone & Mordecai sed @jewcatz, andlieutenantsanddeputiesandrulersoftheprovinceswifIndiatoEthiopia, blahblahblahblah.

And he did wut they sed him tu du, and sint letters:

and iun deeze leterz da king sed da jewcatz shuld stand up fer daemselvz and dey shuld fight da bad peeps dat wantz to take da tings away from dem.

On december thirteenf

da letterz were publlocly postid and da jewcatz shuld be feelin da fightin wifin demz.

And the letterz went and the jewcatz was redy.

And Mordecai lol'd @ da ppl he wuz wearing shinycloths with a shinything upon hiz hed, and Shushan ppl go "yeah!"

The Jewcatz wuz happy den cuz day wuz gud wif everyfing

undefined

When it wuz teh twelf monf, also known izteh monf Adar, and afta teh thirtenth day, the lolking's stuff wuz about to go down, the jewcat hataz thought they wuz da shit, but insted the jewcats waz in fat city.

Jewcats flocked in their respectiv placez and provinceezof lolking Ahasuerus, and they brought a most terrible whuppin' and all fell before the jewkatz.

And the top catz in da citiez and placez were helpin' da jewcatz cuz they wuz winning and also cuz they were fraidy catz of Mordecai.

For Mordecai-Cat wuz a cool dood in the king'z house, and he wuz wuved throughout all the placez: for this cat Mordecai-Cat was even cooler dood yet.

Thus the Jewcats hurted their enemiez with the stroke of the claw, and keeling, and knocked schuff over, and did what they would unto catz who dun like them.

End whin dey gotz to da Shushan the jewcatz went batshit insane and clawd 500 to def.

Dey did diz othar placez too.

And steel othar placez.

And yet moar placez.

Teh ten kittens uf Haman teh son of someone, teh evil persen uf Jewcats, keelded themz; tho ded not tak ne stuffz.

undefined

undefined

undefined

undefined

undefined

But teh othar Jewcatz dat weer in teh king'z placez gtherd demselves 2gethar, and stood for their 9 lives, and had napped from their enemiez, and pwned leik 5,000 kitthe dat had hated dem, but they laid not their paws on their cheezburgers (iz ok we haz our own) or monies.

On teh thirteenf day of teh month Adar; and on teh fourteenf day of teh same they took cat naps, and made it a day of eatin cheezburgers and cookies dat be eated

But teh Jewcatz dat weer at Shushan gtherd on teh thirteenf day, and on teh fourteenf; and on teh fifteenf day of teh same they took cat naps, and made it a day of eatin cheezburgers and cookies dat be eated.

There4 teh Jewcatz of teh lolvillages, dat lived in teh loltowns, made teh fourteenf day of teh month Adar a day of tings like eatin and trying to share with othar kitthes.

And Mordecai wroted dese things, and sent lolmail unto all teh Jewcatsz dat were in all teh placez of teh lolking Ahasuerus, both close and not close.

To set up this between dem, dat they shuld keep teh fourteenf day blahblahblah, and teh fifteenf day blahblahblah teh same evry year.

As teh dayz wherein teh Jewcatz napped from teh bad doodz, and teh month which was turned unto dem from sad cat to teh happy cat, and from sad day into a awsum day: dat they should make dem dayz of doin tings like eatin and trying to share but eating it first and w/e but we say dat already.

And teh Jewcatz did to do as they had already did or sumting, and as Mordecai had wroted unto dem;

Because Haman teh kitten of Hammedatha, teh lolAgagite, teh bad dood of all teh Jews, had thunk up ideaz against teh Jewcatz to make dem no moar, and had cast Pur Attack to make dem no moar.

But da attak wuz ineffective b/c when Esther came before teh lolking, he controled by lolmail dat his jewmachine, which he thunk up ideaz to be mean to teh Jewcatz, shuld come back on his own head, and dat he and his kittenz should be keeled on teh gallows.

Where4 they called dese days Purim after teh name of Pur. There4 for all teh meowz of this lolmail, and of dat which they had seen as to this matter or sumting, and which had come unto dem,

undefined

And teh lolking Ahasuerus haz a tribute to put on teh land, and haz to put on the isle of teh sea.

And all teh acts of his powerz and of his mitez, and the talkingz of teh awsumz of Mordecai, and den teh lolking addvanest him, r they not wroted in teh book of teh storyz of teh lolkings of Media and Persia?

undefined

Teh werdz ov teh preechur, teh son ov David, King of teh Jerusalem.

"St00pid! St00pid!" Sez teh teechurcat. "Srsly st00pid. Everythingz st00pid."

Wut man getz 4 laburz he toilz @ undur teh sunz?

Generashun comez n generashun goez, still same lolcats.

Sun rizez n setz, goez bak n rize agin.

Teh wind blowz souf n norf, rownd n rownd, alwayz teh sayme.

Seaz can has streemz, nevur fullz. Streemz go bak where comez frum.

All tingz has DO NOT WANT, more den werdz sez. Lolrus never sez "enuf bucket, kthnx" or kitteh sez "dats good, enuff cheezburger."

Has happen? Gunna be agin. Nuthing new undur teh sunz.

Kitteh can not sez "OMFGZ sumthing new!" is jus REPOST!.

New kittahz 4gitz old kittahz, new kittahz 4gitd bai even newer kittahz.

I Iz teh teechurcat, king of teh Jerusalem.

I has studiez n wizdum ovur all lolcatz, n zomg wut hevy berdun Ceiling Cat putz on kittehz.

Teechurcat haz see lolrus n cheezburgerz n longcatz n awl dat is st00pidz, lyke chasing aftur tail. Nevr can catch teh tayle and even whn yu doo it hrtz srsly.

Wut iz breakd kittah cannot to be fixez, wut gon cannot iz cowntid.

Teechurcat sez to selv, "O hai! I has growd n increes widum moar den awl teechurcatz comez b4 meh. I has ekspeeriens much wizdum n nawledg."

Den I appliez self to knowz wizdomz n aslo knowz bout craze and g00f, n lernz dat dis aslo lyke chasing aftur tayl.

undefined

Teechurcat sez to selv, "Oh Hai, I can has cheezburgerz!!1."  But agin, thiz wuz also teh st00pidz.

Teechercat sez of LOLz, "it ar leis," n ov teh cheezburgerz, "wutz teh point? FTL!!!1"

Teechurcat aks how 2 haev gud tiems wit teh b00ze- Teechercatz brains still runz on wizdum- and how 2 snag on sum dmbnesz, LOL, until he mite see wut waz guud 4 mortal kittehs undr teh ceiling durin teihr few daiz ov teihr livez.

Teechurcat maded heselv graet thingz and not eated them; Teechurcat biltded houze and b00ze plantz, n all he base are belong to him.

And maded heselv teh parkz n teh gardenz, n grewed a bunchez ov fruut treez.

And maded heselv puulz 2 wat3rz stufs.

And buyz male n female code monkehz, n had code monkehz hoo wer spawned in hiz houze; Teechurcat alzo had gr3at pozeshionz ov cheezburgerz and cookiez, more tahn any1 before himz in teh Jarusalem.

Teechurcat alzo gath3red 4 heselv silvar and goldz and teh treshur n stuf.  He alzo getz teh singerz, who mekes nice musik.

So he maeks many guds, an maded more dn awl b4 him in teh Jarusalem.  An teh wizdum, it is still in his brains.

Ib I sed "Oh hai!  Want cookiez," den cookiez i haevs.  I not keep frob me teh wantz, an dis wab mine 4 da labrz.

Den I see allz mah stuf, abn allz teh labrz 4, an me seis taht all was st00pid, an a chasing abfter tailz, an dehr were no profit under teh ceiling.

N den I thinks of teh smartness n teh crazines n teh st00pids. Wut cheezburgrs can kitteh who come aftr kingkitteh make? Only cheezburgrs that has been made alredy.

Den I saw dat dere is moor happy in wyzdom dan in teh st00pid, as dere is moor happy in teh light dan in teh dark

Teh wyse kitteh has eyez in hiz hed, butt teh st00pid kitteh walks in da darkness. N yet I saw dat cheezbrgrs get taken away frum all of dem.

Den I said to myself "Teh st00pid kitteh looses hiz cheesebrgers, teh same will happn to meh. What is point of bein wise?" N I sed to myself agin dat dis is teh st00pidz.

For no one remembers de cheezburgrs wize kitteh has jus lyke no one memebers de cheezburgrs st00pid kitteh has for n de dayz that r to be come no one will memeber nething. Teh wize kitteh looses cheezburgr just lyke teh st00pid kitteh.

So I hatd ma lif becauz chasing aftr cheesburgrs waz sad to meh for all will gone sumday.

I hatd all my works i did undr teh sun, cuz I must leaves it to teh kitteh woo comes aftr meh.

n who noes if he be stoopid kitteh or wize kitteh? He will be teh master of all teh cheezbrgrs and cookies I workd 4 and used ma wyzdm to has. Dis is stoopid.

So I gaves ma heart up to sadness ova all my workz and stuffz and cheezburgrs and cookiez i tryed so hard to has,

becuz sumtimes person who has wyzdm has to leev all his cheezbrgrs to kitteh who is stoopid and did not work for it to has. Dis is a grate evil. NO WANT. Is teh stoopidz.

Wut does a kitteh has frum all his works under teh hot sun?

Bcuz all his dayz r full of sadnesses and his work makes his hart sad and hevy. Even at teh night times hiz heart do not rest. dis is stoopid and NO WANT.

Is dere nuthin betr 4 a kitteh to do dan to enjoi his cheezbrgrs and cookies and has funs wit his workz? Dis is from teh Ceiling Cat.

Cuz with no Ceiling Cat woo can has cheezburgrs?

undefined

theer has is a sison for evryting, and a tiems for every perpos under teh ceiling.

a tiemz 2 git kittehs, an a tiems 2 get ded. a tiemz to bury the cheezburger and a time to dig up the cheezburger you has planted.

tiemz 4 killin the mouses and tiemz 4 being ok with them but not rly.

theres a tiemz 4 lollin and a tiemz 4 not lollin so much. A teimz 4 weepins and a teimz 4 dancin.

a tiemz to keep cheezburger and a tiemz to give them away, srsly. teimz 4 hugs, tiemz when hugz are NOT WANTED.

a tiemz 4 lookin round and a timez 4 getin bored and stop lookin.

a tiemz 2 brak and a teimz 4 fix and a teimz 4 STFU and a teimz 2 talkz.

A teimz 4 LUV and a teimz 4 HAT. A teimz 4 lots a killin and a teimz 4 only killin when nobodys lookin. u get teh picture.

wat gud is it 2 a kitteh from all dat trbl?

i has sees wat all trbl ceiling cat can makes 4 kittehs.

teh ceiling cat mades teh bestes cookies and cheezbuergrs. but he aslo mades us wantz the invisibl sandwitches he keepz up in teh ceiling, omg, ftw.

i knows teh invisibl cheezcakes has are not filling, but better is to do gud, liek mading cookies, upgradin ram, ect., k, srsly.

an also of cours teh surprize buttsecks wenever possibl, lol. ceiling cat sez so.

teh buket of cookies meads by the ceiling catz, is ful 4ever. no wai. wai!

now iz alredez haz been eaten. ceiling catz wants moar but iz hungree lol.

in teh sun iz judgd teh cookeez, an teh wikid buttsecks, an thai dont compair to teh rightisnez of teh cheezbuergrs.

ceiling cat iz teh judge, jury, xecushioner 4 a purpiz. itz hiz job - he Judj Dred.

ceiling cat gits in the est8z of men's kidz an showz them hoos bestes, so they see they has buttsecks 2.

4 kiddiez an bestes rofl; one dies, and then another; thez cant breeth from the lolz; men an bestes make a big buttsecks sandwhich to the ceiling. Thai likez it.

evereeone cumz from teh littursbox an goez back when they takes a break.

kittehs and nimulz upgradez and downgradez as ceiling cat watchz.

undefined

Agin, I sees all teh bad tings dat r dun undr teh sun. Teh sad kitteh cryed and no wun wuld gif dem teh comfortz! Teh bad kittehs had teh powerz so no wun culd halp teh sad kittehs.

N I thot dat kittehs hoo r ded r mor happy dan kittehs hoo has teh life.

But teh bestz is kitteh who has nevr ben borned cuz he no has seen teh evilz.

Den I saw dat all workz and skillz cum frum wantin teh other kittehz cheesburgers. Dis like chasin teh tail.

Teh stupid kitteh closez his eyez n eats hiz own furz.

Bettr is lil bit o quiet dan a lot of workz and toilz.

Agin I went a saw kittehs chazin aftur ther tailz undr teh sun.

Kittehs woo r alone wit no uther lolcats to see still haz workz to do undr teh sun an dere is no end bcuz teh kitteh is nevr happay wit how mny cheezburgers he has gotz. srsly. So he getz teh sadness cuz he doez all his workz and haz no uther kittehs for to enjoi it withz. Dis is teh st00pidz.

Two kittehs are bettr dan one, cuz two kittehs haz mor cheezburgrs dan one kitteh duz.

N if one kitteh falls off window whil lukin at teh birds outside, other kitteh can halpz him gets up! Sadness teh kitteh haz who haz no other kitteh to help. He is just sad. srsly.

N if two kitteh snuggles togther they can haz all teh warmth! Two kittehs FTW! But if kitteh is all by his self, he no can haz teh warthm. Lonely kitteh FTL.

One kitteh mite b able to fight teh nasty dog, but two kittehs can totally take teh dat SOB! And three kittehs? Dat st00pid dog haz no chanc!

Bettr is yung kitteh woo may b poor but haz teh wizedum dan old kitteh who haz lotz of cheezburgrs but is st00pidz. Cuz old st00pid kitteh cannot take teh advizes frum teh smart kittehs woo knows how to upgrade hiz ram.

Teh yung kitteh culd come frum teh poorness and bcum teh next king! He haz so much wizum he culd even go from kittehjail to teh throne!! Yung kitteh FTW!!

I sawed all teh livin tings undr teh sun, teh lolcatz and lolruses and even teh uber cool yung kitteh who will b teh king.

undefined

U must hover liek teh hovercat when u come too mai plaice. Srsly. Cuz I has knew carputz lol. N wen u come ovur, can bring meh teh cookehs kthx?

N remmbr, I iz 1337 n U R n00b, so STFU, kk? Do a furum srch. Ttly.

Cuz teh n00bz iz liek OMG WTF LOL ROFL CAN HAZ COOKEH??? n I haz alreddy clozed teh chat windoze lmao.

But if u saiz, "O hai, I go get u cheezbrgr," u bttr bring meh teh cheezbrgr, cuz WANT NOW!

If no planz bring back, at leest b honust, "O hai, I gotz u cheezburger, but ten I eated it."

Donut saiz sumpin n00bish n ten sai, "OMG, Ceiling Cat maed me dooze it." WTF? Srsly. What I caer u sux?

If u smokz teh catnip, u getz mad hai, rofl. But Ceiling Cat is still 1337er. So shud fere mah lazer beems.

But u sais OMG, I see othr n00bs n they makez post even tho iz duplikat. kk, n u see othr n00bs, seems eats cheezburger no destroid. kk, n sumtimez, iznt even n00b at all, seems haz 1337 status. But n00bz haz many levuls n Ceiling Cat iz slow to striek from ceiling wif lazer beems. So STFU. Srsly.

Also remembur, Ceiling Cat created cheezburger, so if wantz can has cheezburger, shud be BFz wif inventur, rite?

If sum1 sais, "O Hai, I iz hungri" all teh timez, u can feedz tem cheezburger n cookehs and still not fullz. Whine n whine n eet frum ur kitteh bole n stillz hungri.

undefined

Dere is bad tings dat I have seen, n all teh kitteh feel dem:

ceiling cat gifs a kitteh lotz of cheezburgs n cookiez n upgradez hiz ram but duz not gif teh kitteh teh powr to enjoi teh stufz! Dis is teh st00pidz! No want!

If a kitteh has hundredz of kittenz and lives long time and haz lots of cheezbrgrs and uther good stuff but he duzn't luv it it is teh suckz!

Den kitteh came 4 no rezon cuz dem wont member yuz when ded.

Can seez sun? No.  Kitteh no haz addres of ceiling cat or basement cat:

can haz 7000 yearz lyf wif no cheezburger. All kittehs only haz 9 lyfs!

Kitteh only want 2 nom cheezburger n cannot fill bukket wif dat.

Lyke, wut smrt kitteh haz got bt retrd kitteh haz not got? Un wut up wit empty bukkit if kitteh still haz lyfs left to tak it for walk?

Bettr b lookn den b wantn; cuz is st00pid n mks crzy.

Stuf haz nam, n kitteh is, lyke, we kno abot; litl kitteh no can hiss dwn big kitteh.

Moor talk talk make moor st00pid, wut up?

undefined

a gud naim pwnz ur bestes oilz, and teh dai u loze all teh nyne lyvez pwn teh day uz gots teh nyne lyvez.

Teh plais u cries pwnz teh plais u purrz, so goes thair, all teh catz loze nyne lyvez, tink bout diz. Srsly.

Sadnez pwnz teh purr, caus teh sad fais gewd for kiteez hairt.

Teh hairt of teh smart catz iz en teh sad plais, teh dum kiteez liaks to getz pettz n purrz, lotz.

Teh smart catz leckturez pwn teh meow of teh dum kiteez.

Like teh crack of kitee fewds under teh fewd dysh, so iz teh meow of teh dum kiteez. Poyntless. K?

Pettz n purrz maiks teh smart catz dum, juhz like catnipz.

Wyn all dun pwnz teh starht, juz liek payshins pwnz pryde.

Wayt to uz clawz, aynger iz wut teh dub kiteez do.

Wayt to meow, "Y teh old time pwnz teh noob timez?" Diz dum. Srsly.

Smartz, liek teh cuhlers u git frum teh byrth catz, iz gewd for catz dat see teh bryte yelloh ting.

Smartz iz shailter, juz liek cheezburgerz iz shailter, but gewd ting bout noeing stuff is: smartz pwn haz lotz of cheezburgerz. Srsly.

Tink bout waht teh Ceiling Cat duz: cat can maikz strayt teh stuff Ceiling Cat maikz twyste?

Wyhn tymes gewd purr, wyhn tymes no gewd tink: teh Ceiling Cat maikz bowth. so uh cat noes noting bout teh nyne lyvez.

I see both of dez in mai poyntless lyve: teh gewd cat lose nyne lyvez en hiz gewdness, and teh nahty cat keepz teh nyne lyvez long tyme.

No b to gewd, or b to smart- wai deestroi u?

No b to nahty, or b to dum- wai loze teh nyne lyvez fast?

Keep one in ur clahz, but dohn leyt go of teh uder. Teh cat afrayd of teh Ceiling Cat dun taik one or uder to fahr. K?

Smartz maiks teh smart cat pwn tin 1337 catz.

Thair iz no gewd cat taht nehvr iz nahty, srsly.

Dun lisin to all teh catz meowz, u mai heer ur servent cat meow bad tings of u-

Cus u noe u haav meowd bad tings of udder catz.

All dis I tes bai smartz und i sai, "Me wantz smartz"- But I cant do.

Smartz far aiwais n seecritz, u cant find it. Srsly. WTF iz it?

So i chainge to noe, studie n fynd smartz n teh skeem of tings n to noe teh dumness of teh badz n craizez of stoopid.

Wurs dan lozin teh nyne lyves is teh gyrl cat dat iz clengie, dun let boi cat do stuffz n plai wit teh uder catz.  Teh gewd cat dat makez teh Ceiling Cat purr getz awai, but teh bad cat nevr getz awai.

"OMG," teh smart cat saiz, "Dis I fynd: I taik all tings n maik one to fynd teh skeem of tings

whyn I lookz n no fynd I dyd see one gewd cat in teh allie, but no gewd girl cat.

undefined

No kitteh pwnz enuff
 to be unnerstandinz evryfing.
Pwnage maks teh catz has happynezz
 it are makin teh sad oens happeh.
 

Obay teh Ceiling Cat becuz you has maed promizzes to him.

Wen soemone saiz "OMFGCEILINGCATSUXXLOLOLOL!!1" don be all liek "tolly bro!" becuz teh Ceiling Cat is reelie teh roxxorz.

Ceiling Cat cn eet anywunz treetz.

Any kitteh taht obays him sahll
 no be eatan.
 Gd catz do gd tingz at gd tiems lmao.

Tehr iz gd tiem an gd plaec for enyting
 but catz offen eat to meny cheezburgerz.

Dey canot see teh futyu
 an nobodeez gonna be tellin them, k?

No cat canz be controlating teh windz
 or become immortalcat.
Satincat iz no gonna be settin youz free after youz are evil so STFU!!!!11!2!@.

Iz be seein dis as I wer finkin about stufs. Sometaimz a kitteh wil pwn anuver kitteh. Tha's bad stuffz.

I wuz seein many funeruls ov bad ppl, an tehy wer honord in teh saem town taht they pwn't gd pplz in. This iz teh phail!1

If a kitteh iz no punishd fr doin bad fings strate away tehn moar kittehs wil becoem eval!!!1!11

Although wickd man commits hundrd crimez an still livez long tiem, i knoe dat it will go bettr wif ceilin cat-fearin doodz, hoo r reverent before ceilin cat.

yet cuz teh wickd do not fear ceilin cat, it will not go well wif them, an their dais will not lengthen liek shadow.

thar iz somethin else meaningles dat occurs on earth: righteous doodz hoo git wut teh wickd deserve, an wickd doodz hoo git wut teh righteous deserve. Dis 2, i say, iz meaningles.

so i commend teh enjoyment ov life, cuz nothin iz bettr 4 man undr teh sun than 2 eat an drink an be glad. Den joy will accompany him in his werk all teh dais ov teh life ceilin cat has given him undr teh sun.

when i applid mah mind 2 knoe wisdom an 2 observe manz labor on earthâ€”his eyez not seein sleep dai or nite-

undefined

I thot bout dis alot. The kittehs who are gud and smart and what they duz, Ceiling Cat is in charge of alla dat, k? No kitteh knows if he's gonna get pets or kicks.

All things happen 2 'em all. Doan matter if yer good or bad or eats cheezburgers or is vegetarian. Or likes cookies better. Or stealz yer brother's bukkit. Harbls happens to everyone.

And dat's bad. Srsly. Kittehs is all crazy and evil and then they gets ded.

If ure livin', thars hope. Livin kitteh iz better than ded kitteh.

Cuz teh livin knoe they'll dye, but teh ded doan knoe anythin. There's no cheezburgers when yer ded either. Evryone will forget u.

The love, hateses and wants of the ded is gone too. They're srsly ded.

Chase meeses, eat cheezburgers, and haz teh catnip cuz Celing Cat likes you. Rly.

Keep ur fur clean an soft.

Has fun wif gurl kats, or boy kats, if u want to, and try 2 enjoy ur job. That's yer life d00d.

If yer gonna chase meeses, chase 'em real good. Cuz once yer ded cain't do it no more.

Cuz the winner of teh race is not teh fastest kitteh, and ter winner of teh battle is not teh strongest kitteh. Being smart won't get u cheezburgers or moneys or favers. Harbls happens to every kitteh.

Just like teh fish or teh bird u catch don't know when it's gonna die, neither do you. It will surprise you.

I thot bout dis too.

Some n00b king decided to lay siege to a city.

In teh city was a smart poor kitteh who knew what to do to get rid of teh n00b king siegen dem. But no one remembered smart poor kitteh.

So I thunked Bein smart's better dan bein strong. But if yer poor and smart, no one gonna listen.

Wise kittehs are more worth listenin to than n00b king.

undefined

Ded meeses stinkin just liek when smart kitteh mess up.

Smart kitteh iz rite brained. St00pid kitteh iz left brained. WTF?

St00pid kitteh shows evreyone he'z st00pid.

If n00b king gets in yer face, stand yer ground. Doan give in.

I thot bout dis too, bout n00b kings.

Folly gets respect an rich kittehs be livin on the bad sied of town. WTF?

I seed servnts in Maseratis and rich kittehs on a Schwinn. Srsly.

You dig dat hole, you fall in it. Clip bush an snake biet you.

Clean up roks, dey trow roks at you. Cut wood, ax hit you. Rly.

You no sharpen dat aks, gotta hit harder. But smarts iz gud.

Snaeks bitin when dey wants. Talkers liek dat 2.

Smart kittehz sayz gud stuffs, but st00pid kittehs sayz st00pid stuffs.

Iz st00pid at teh beginnin an teh end. Srsly.

St00pid kittehs sayz lotz wordz. No kitteh be knoen da foochur.

St00pid kitteh needz mapz. Not knoen where to go.

Iz bad when king is kitten and princez eatin kibble fore lunch.

Iz gud when king is good guy wif gud parentz, and eatin cuz hungries.

Lazy kitteh woan mayntayn hoos.

Feastin is fer laffin and cheeburgerz maek happies. Moneys gud too.

undefined

Gief yur moniez to teh kittehz frm ovr teh wtrz to ues in der traedz, n moar moniez coemz bak to yuz! Woa, srsly!

Put sum moniez in lotz of difrnt plaecez, cos yu dun noes wut hapnz. Maybe bad stufz hapnz and yu loez moniez, or maybe gud stufz and yu getz moniez.

Cloudz makin rain. Tree fallz, no getz up again. Srsly.

If yuz waitin all daiz fur teh windz and teh rainz to be gudz, yu nvr plnt any seedz, n yu nvr get any cropz frm yur seedz.

You doan unnerstan nuthin. Not da wayz ov Hover Cat, not how kittenz growz, not whut Ceiling Cat be doin.

Jus do yer jobz n hoep fur teh bestestz.

Lite iz gud. Iz gud to be seein teh sun.

You live long tiem, enjoy dat. But yu be dedz aftrz, fur much longtiemz. Thar be nuttin fur yuz to lukz forwrdz to.

Has fun when you'z kitten. Ceiling Cat get you fer it laters, k?

undefined

Thinkin bout Ceiling Cat when you'z kitten, fore you forgetz how can has funz.

When weather an skie goes on vacayshun.

An kittehs beez fraidy catz. And getz dark.

An weird stuffs happenz.

An moar weird stuffz an heavy bugz.

An stuffz getz broked. Bad kitteh!

An teh dust goez bak 2 Earfs and Hover Cat goez bak to Ceiling Cat. Oh, hai!

But doan nun ov it mean nuthin.

An preacher cat wuz smarts and teached kittehs gud stuffs an gud advices.

Preacher cat founded gud wurdz, and writed troo gud stuffs.

Teh wurdz ov smarts kittehs can has hurtz.

So learn frum dem. Dey maekin moar books evry day. Studyin maeks tired.

So herez cunclooshun. Feer Ceiling Cat an do whut he sayz an dat's all you gotta do.

undefined

Tis be about a fantesi what a kitteh whats kawled Isaiah sawded, wen dere woz sum royel kittehs tellin uzza kittehs wat to do, n stuff.

Lissen to me, Ceiling, an urth too, coz ceiling cat wantz to tel evrywun sumthin: "OH HAI guise! Lissen, me wantz youse orl to no that me had sum litel kittehkats, yessss. But wot ceiling cat reeli wantz to tel u iz that teh norty kittehs has dun toiletz al ova mai kittehlitta, even doe i telz tem to get dere own. I iz not happi bout it.

"Teh kittehs necks door do wot dey iz told an don leav muk in uzza kitteh's littatrais, so don do it in here. zomg, how many taims duz ceiling cat hav to tel u?"

Soz al teh kittehs woz bein norti, teechin uzza kittehs to maik invisible errors, steeling uzza kitteh's cheezburgrz an hordin al teh mouses. Dey even maid ceiling cat waik up in da nait by hazzing faitz bout wich kitteh's cheezburgrz haz betta picklz.

But wai doesz al teh kittehs keep baitin eetch uzza? Yu kittehs are styupid.

Dere iz kitteh blud on teh flor and on da kitteh flap, and ceiling cat sez he iz not draivin u to teh kitteh fixa man wen u be baitin each uzza's pawz off. He also sez it ruinz da esthetikz ov da haus bai rekkin hiz paint skeem.

In fakt, u kittez haz bin bizi faitin an haz not noetist dat teh puppiz r steelin ur cheezburgr. Puppiz woz even herd sayin dat hez in ur haus, eatin ur cheezburgrz! Wtf? Dis iz not rite! Puppiz iz not aloudz to sai dat; onli kittehs iz!

But neva mindz bout puppiz.

ZOMG. Stfu u kittehs, u iz awl bein liek Basement Cat, an dat iz not a lolling matta.

Ffs, dis iz teh last taim ceiling cat iz gonna tel u:

"ZOMG GUISE, AI HAZ ENUF OV U KITTEHS! Tank u so much 4 kepin al teh mousez for me but ai kant eats dem al dat fast! Iz not lol ennimor! We iz waistin teh mousez! U iz can haz bein killin al teh mousez an i iz sik ov it!

"Eniwai, hu tolded u to get al teh mousez and be rekkin mai haus? Not ai. Ceiling cat don be tellin nowun to be makin teh mes u kittehs haz maid.

"So nau ceiling cat be tellin u to stop gettin al teh mousez,

an u not be aloud to haz al nait partees enimor coz ceiling cat iz gettin jak ov it. Teh muzak iz too laud an teh nayborz don liek r0x0rz muzak eniwai. If u guise haz anuzza partee den ceiling cat wil be shautin 'oh hai everywun, i iz in ur partay and i iz shuttin it daun.'

"An i noes dat u iz gunna cumplain bout it, but ceiling cat iz gunna sai 'tork to mai por' and waiv hiz por arund soz that he kant here u kittehs cumplainin. It iz al ur foltz for not ternin daun teh muzak, an i iz punishin u al.

"Soz befor ceiling cat kikz ur kittehbutts outta teh haus, kleen it up alredi. Stop be trashin mai haus. uzzawize no mor cheezburgrz, EVA."

"Ceiling Cat sayz lerns teh gud; Find justices, k? Tell teh opprezzed dey can has cheezburgrz. Care 4 teh littel orphan bebes. N cry fur teh widowz."

At tis point, ceiling kat iz eetin a cheezburgr NOM NOM NOM to remaind teh kittehs hu da boss.

Ceiling cat sez: "I haz idea. If u kittehz do wat i sai den ai iz gonna let u haz free cheezburgrz for, ai dunno, maibe a weik? BUT ONLI IF U GOOD AN NO NOMNOMNOMIN EACH UZZA K?

"But let ceiling cat worn u: if ai faind so much az WUN, i tel u, WUN, ded maus in teh cubbord, an i haz not tolded u to maik it ded, or if u be hazzin parteez in teh smorl ouwaz wen ceiling cat are tryin to get sum sleip, den i be yuuzin mai milk kanon from teh ceiling to kick al u kittehz autsaid wair thair be lionz. Even wen i here u skreechin 'OMG!!! ITZ A LION GET IN TEH HAUS' an u kant get in teh haus coz ceiling kat haz lokked teh kittehflap, no that ai IZ NOT LETTIN U BAK IN! kthxbye."

But in teh meentaim teh kittehz are stil bein norti.

Teh milk haz gone off, it are poizuned wiz raibies frum ded mausez,

and dere be smugglin ov kontraband kittehfood.

So ceiling cat sez: "ok, stfu everywun, aiz reeli haz enuf dis taim.

Nau u haz rokked teh boat an ai iz gettin out teh milk kanon.

U haz krost teh lain an nau u iz gonna kop it.

"Sum ov u iz not to blaim an that iz all good,

but everywun els iz a ded kat!1!!one

"Dis are hau it worx: i iz in ur ceiling, aimin teh milk canon.

"U iz gonna be blasted frum here to ova dere an i don kair if u be chokin on exses milk. If u die dat iz ur fault.

undefined

Ok so dis am wot Isaiah heerd bout Judah and Jerusalem.

Ceiling Cat will to havs teh bigest mowntin cuz him r kinng of awl.

Lotsa peeps will b liek, 'O wao, dats a sweet crib, letz to goe der.' An dey will an dey will b liek, 'Kewl.'

Ceiling Cat will juge betwn teh nayshunz, and for lotz of peepz; dey will beet thair saurds intwo plaushairs, and thair speers intwo prooning hookz; nayshun wont be liftin up saurd to uhther nayshun, no mawr will dey be learnin bout war.

O peepz of Jacob, comz, so we can be walkin in teh lite of teh Ceiling Cat!!!!!!!

Fo u no lawnger followin teh wayz of ur peepz, O haus of Jacob. Like OMG, u r being ful of magical peoplez form teh eest and of soothingsayers lik teh Philistines, and u r beein all friend-lik wif forenerz.

Deez forenerz r havingz much silverz and goldz, n dey r havingz treazures witouts endings; dey r havingz horsez too, n dey r havingz chariots witouts endings.

Deyr landz is full up wit aidolz; dey bowing downz to teh werk of deyr handz, to wot deyr awn fingerz haz maed.

Ventually theez peepz wil be humbeld, and veryone pwnd--do not be givings fourgviness to dem, k?

Nter intwo teh rok, nd hied n teh dust frum teh teror of Ceiling Cat, nd frum teh supper awsom incredibl gloree of hiz magestee.

Teh hawty aiz of peepz wil being pwnd--nd teh pridez, taht be pwnd too, k? And Ceiling Cat, him beingz teh ownlee one who haz exhaltings, kthxbai.

Cuz Ceiling Cat haz dai 'gainst demz dat iz prowd nd lawfty, 'gainst dem dat iz lifftd upz nd hai;

'gainst teh treez dat Lebanon haz, lawfty nd lifftd up; nd 'gaint sum diffrent treez dat Bashan haz;

'gainst teh rlly big mowntans, nd 'gainst teh not so big hillz;

'gainst teh hai towre, nd 'gainst teh supper stawng wall;

'gainst teh bowtz dat Tarshish haz, nd 'gainst all teh kewt bowtz. Ya, if u haz someting tall, Ceiling Cat be takin away ur cheezburgers.

Teh kitty pride wil be shrunken, n teh kitty egoz will be reedeuced, and CEILING CAT will roxorz ur wurld.

N CEILING CAT says "Oh hai!  All ur idolz are beelong to me!"

Teh kitties wil hidez evrywherz, cuz theyz skared of CEILING CAT and his angerz wen him ist pissed.

On dat day, teh kitties wil thro out teh silvr n gold idolz.

Thoes kitties wil be srsly skared of CEILING CAT.

undefined

Teh Ceiling Cat iz naow gonna taek awai frum Jerusalem an Judah all watter an fuud; all Meow Mix an Whiskas an catsnip go byebye.

Teh fiter-kats, judje-kats, old-cats, an teh kittehs hoo talk 4 Ceiling Cat...

Teh bosskats uv teh armees, teh magickats, teh bilderkats, teh adviceKats...

I, Ceiling Cat will hav adorabel liddle bitty babee kittenz rool ovver teh smart n wize kittehs.

All kittehs will fite, kittens vs. oldkats GO!, smartkats vs. stoopidkats GO!, noobs vs. Admin GO!

One kitteh will goez to daddycat'z hoam, an sez "Brothur, yooz gots nice clothez, yoo roolz us, inn dis wreckx city, K?"

An teh brodder kitteh, he sez "Ah no can bee rooler.  Ah can has povrtee.  Ah haz no foodz or stuffs at hoam."

Jerusalem an Judah look out!  Trubble's comin.  Yooz both haz sez an dunn badd thingz agenst Ceiling Cat.

Yoo kan seez it on thier faces!  Tehy's bad kittehs!  Scat!  Itz all thier fallt.

Butt all teh guud kittehs can has teh Cheezburgers ov Ceiling Cat.  Tehy iz so guud.  Tehy can purr happilee.

Bad kats an kittenz gett wot tehy dezerv. Itz paybak teim!

Teh littel bitty kittenz rool oavr uss.  Female kittehs rool oavr uss. U hav gon off teh rite path, into teh woodz uv bad kitteh stuff.

"All rize 4 Ceiling Cat.  He iz teh judge today inn teh cort uv bad kittehs."

Ceiling Cat sez to teh bosskats an teh smartkats who usd to run teh cityz "U rekd mah vinyardz, yoo took cat toyz frum teh poor kittehs."

Ceiling Cat axd "Why yoo do this thingz?  Beeting up on teh poor defensles kittehs, and makin dem feel low?"

Ceiling Cat axd "Wy R teh female kittehs uv Zion dressin so hawt n sexxxy, showing all thier fur an stuf, an makin teh boy kittehs think abowt sexxorz?

Teh Ceiling Cat passis jujment on teh female kittehs, an maeks thier fur fallz owt an tehy luuk all funni. An tehy gett oozing scabbz all ovver tehm.  GROSS!

An Ceiling Cat taeks frum teh femail kittehs all teh nise n purty thinggz.

liek cheezburgers an cookiez an catsnip

an new kollarz

an thier shiny rollin toyz 2 batt aroun teh floor an chase,

an rubbr maice

an Crissmas ornments 2 nok off teh crismas tree

insted of naice smellz, now itt like totally reeks. Your fur fallz out, yur clothz are itchy n scratchy, an nao yu lookz reelly uggli.

Yur Soljurkats will looz ther fites an get all scratchd an bittin.

undefined

In dat day sm chicks


In dat day teh Branch ov teh Ceiling Cat gunna be very pritty, an teh froot wil be gud tu.

An teh kittehs hoo iz stil in Zion an Jerusalem, dey iz holey, but not teh ded wuns. Ded kittehs iz not holey.

Teh Ceiling Cat gunna wash teh durty wimmen; an cleen teh bad fings frum Jerusalem wif speeritz ov jujing an fier.

Den he wil maek sum smoek in teh day an sum fier in teh nite; an der will be a canupy ovr it.

undefined

O hai!  Plz to be singing song fur mah bee-luved!


Nao, dis guy he be werkin hard to grow dat catnipz.


"U lissen heer!" (sez Ceiling Cat)


"Wut else cud I haev dun fur deez catnipz?


"Furst, I sez wut I do wif dis catnipz farm.


"Den, I pee all over.


Nao see, da catnipz farm of Ceiling Cat


I tellz u, kittehz,


Ceiling Cat told me:


U maek ten catnipz farmz?


Kittehz hoo eet catnipz


U kittehz may haev feest


I tellz u dis!


I tellz u dis!


Yea, u kittehz r sad


Ceiling Cat did this to u!


Nao doz fuzzy thingz be grazin.


OMG!? U who iz dragin meanyness wif yarn maed of lais,


who sez, 'STFU nd herry up!!!!!!


OMG!? U who iz mixin up goodz and evilz,


OMG!? U who thinkz u r just so dern shmart,


OMG!? U who haz waines, r awesum at drinkin it


undefined

O hai! Isaiah iz here: this me book. Chiefcat Uzziah waz ded. Me seez teh Ceiling Cat. Big chair, hi-up. Ceiling cat haz klothz. Lotsa klothz! (An a train. Who knu?)

An brnin wngz guyz. With fyer! Lotsa brnin wingz guyz! to wngz hId Iz! to wngz hId fete! 2 wngz: Flii, mnkEs, fliii!!

An yelped: Mega-733t, mega-733t, mega-733t be ceiling cat, an he maded starz! Starz-boss ceiling cat!

An smok! An more smok! An Rikter ScAL 9 San Andreas! An Rikter ScAL 9 San Andreas! Srsly!

I sez: I iz pwnd! I iz totly pwnd! Srsly! Iz sad! I iz drty-mout un-733t cat. I livz wit drty-mout bad kittehs! I seez ceiling cat, he maded starz, starz-boss ceiling cat! I seez! I iz pwnd!!

1 Den a wngz guy bringed a fyer rock to me.

He tuch it on mai mouf an sez "Hot fyer tuch ur lipz.. Yoo iz furgiben nao.

An ceiling cat is liek "Me want senz a gai, who want go?!" [hint hint lol] an I sez: "mE here. Senz mE pl0x!

An ceiling cat is liek: "I senz U. U 733t. U sez to kittehs: U kittehs herz and no herz, U kittehs seez and no seez.

U kittehs heart fat, U kittehs eerz no work, U kittehs shut Iz, so U kittehs no seez ceiling cat hoo maded starz! Starz-boss ceiling cat!"

An I sez: Srsly? An ceiling cat sez: sitEs pwnd, an houzez pwnd, an land pwnd.

An mah kittehs go far far awai

undefined

Sad to those who make unfair rules,to those who give bad saz like lawz.

to take from teh poor their rights and withhold justice from the sad of mai ppl maked widows their prey and taking those with out fathers. Srsly.

What will yu do on teh day of judging, when bad comes from far away? Srsly. To who are yu run for helpz? Where will yu leave yur riches?

undefined

So liek, teh famuhlee uf Jesseh iz liek a twee dat wuz cutted. Widdle twee grozes bak, riet? Fwum da rutz o wuteva. An fwum it come shinies!

Ceiling Cat sits on da branch uv dat tree, not betuz him fraid of doggies tho. Him will give cheezburgers to teh branch soes it can beez full an reddy to maek choycez, an akchully dooz whut him sez. Ceiling Cat will maek shoor dat him noes dat Ceiling Cat iz da CatBoss.

Da branch haz hapyness betuz him noes dat Ceiling Cat iz da CatBoss. Him not juge fings jist bye teh wayz dey lukz. Him not maek desishuns betuz just whut uver kittehs sez eether.

Him ulwayz do whut iz gud, wen him juge kittehs dat needs cheezburgers, an kittehs dat needz shinies. Wen him sez u needs baff, sowwy, iz gonna hapin. Wen he sez da evul kittehs must neva haz shinies annemore, sowwy, iz gonna hapin.

Da part uv him dat iz liek Ceiling Cat, him stick dat in his coller, soes iz wif him all da tiem. Him loyultee too.

Wild dogses wull liev wif da wams, leepards wif goatz. Behbeh cowses an huge catses will liev togever an not eated each uver.Hoomun behbehs will wiv wif all dem too an not be eated.

Grown-up cowses will eates wif bearz. Da behbehs uv bof will sweep togever. Big catses won't liek cheezburgers nemore, we just haz cookies!

Behbehs will plays neer da snakeses howles, an pway wif da poiznous wuns.

Nun uv dese guyz will hurts or pwn anefin or ane1 in da Ceilin ware da CatBoss lievs. Dem oshuns haz lots uv water, which catses does not liek, but liek dat, da urf will haz lotz ov teh nowleg uf Ceiling Cat.

Den da kitteh dats caled da rut ov Jesseh's twee beez wike a giant cheezburger flotin in da air, soes every1 can seez him an come to sees him cwoser. Da pwace wheer dat kitteh is king will be teh awesomeness.

Da dayz wen it happenz wil be da dayz wen Ceilin Cat freez hiz kittehz left in teh lands of watr, liek Assyria and Egypt.

Ceilin Cat wil put up teh kitteh flagz so dat all kittehs can coem to et from ther scatterashunz acrss teh landz.

Kittehz frm Judah wnt pwn kittehz frm Israel no moarz, and kittehz frm Israel wnt wont Judahz cheezbrgr no moarz. Srsly.

Den dey pwn Philistine kittehz in teh west, and stealz all cheezbrgrz off kittehs in teh east. Teh kittehz frm Edom n Moab wil be pwned by teh Israel n Judah kittehz, n teh kittehz frm Ammon wil do watevr teh Israel n Judah kittehz sayz.

Ceilin Cat wil blowz on teh watrz of Suez, and on teh rivrz of teh Euphrates, so dat teh kittehz can all walkz acrss, no wetz.

undefined

On dat dai, teh kittens sai "Oh Ceiling Cat, ai praise yu, yu wuz mad at me but nao yu hug me.

Teh Ceiling Cat helpd me so ai will not be frayd ov yu. Teh Ceiling Cat iz mah pop an mah helpr. He giefz meh teh strenth n teh pwr.

Liek teh fresh wtrz iz gd to drinkz (n only to drinkz, no washin plskthx), dat is liek how teh Ceilin Cat is to teh othr kittehz dat he saevz."

An on dat dai sai "Praise teh Ceiling Cat, he iz teh pwnz0r. Tel him to helpz yu! Tel teh othr kittehz dat he iz teh awesumness!

Pls to meowz to teh Ceilin Cat bowt hw much he rawks! Maek sure teh othr kittehz hearz yur meowinz.

undefined

Dis iz teh msg bowt Babylon, dat teh kitteh Isiah, son of teh kitteh Amoz, hearded frm teh awesum Ceilin Cat.

Frm teh topz of teh suxx0rz mowntinz, raies teh flag of pwnage! Yowl to teh kittehz of pwnage, n put up yur pawz to tel dem to pwn teh cat flap of teh smexx0rz sitteh.

Teh Ceilin Cat sez he wontz teh kittehz dat hav teh confdents n teh pried and teh pwnage to pwn teh kittehz dat teh Ceiling Cat iz mad wit. Srsly.

Cealin Cat haz army, dey b watin on mowntin. Dey be lud too, hurtz yur ears, dem be rdy for war

Celing catz mke lng distnce call, dey all be comin. Srry, yur contry need ta go, kthxby.

Yowl lodly to teh celing, hpe dey Pwnzorz Celing cat heers, cuz he be cumin with teh porews of the pwn, it be no gud.

Cuz celing cat doez thees fings tht u no liek, yur pawns wll stop workin' and al of u be emo kittehs.

U wll f3ar, and f3ar lotz. Cuz u all wll be in gret pian, it be bad, liek female kitteh makin babehs, and u be on fier. It hurtz.

see Celing cat be cumin, while he be pwnsome he haz no patince for teh eivls u kittehs do, liek katnip. So ur lands be hiz and he maek dem all ded liek, u bst be wry.

all ur lite belng to celings catz, and he be take dem away, nt evnv ur ball of teh cheese in teh sky wll be shiny.

Celing cat sez "I will punisf deh wlord for teh eivls, yu no be arroganance nu moer, yuoz be all humbled and stuffz before meh, and u be gud, kay"

him will maek yuz liek gld, and uz be raer, and dem him seez u no moer.

Dem him maek teh hevns shakeys also deh world wll be shake to cuz teh teh Celing cat be angy, and yu be fraid wen he be anry

All yuz will gu back hme, cuz u no lnger welcmed hear.

if yuz guyz not be ruinin, yuz be stbbed with shrp fings. Srsly.

all yur itty bitteh kittehs will be cut, nd hers all be deflled. Srsly.

nd him be mkin trble for dem whoz haz no liek for teh shninies medles.

dem pplz be shotin dem shrp stks, nd all be deaded, not evn yur itty bitteh kittehz wll not be savd. Srsly.

Babylon will be flld, cuz it is teh evils. jus liek dat gay place.

and it will nvr be inhabiteded agin, not even dem sand kittehs will bild houses.

Dem fing that eat kittehs fur fud willl rset theer, nd kittehs nu go der, cuz dey liek lifings.

undefined

CeilingCat can haz murcy on Jacob an will chuz Israel kittehs, an set dem in kittehs own land.  An udr kittehs join Israel kittehs an be part ov haus ov Jacob!  Srsly!

An udr kittehs tak Israel kittehs an brung em to der place: an Israel kittehs can haz land!  An odr kittehs in land be servint kittehs, cuz Israel kittehs rule!

Sum dai CeilingCat let Israel kittehs haz gud nap.  An no moar ouch an no moar feerz an no moar been servintz!  Rly!

An u canz sing an laff at king cat in Babylon!  U can sai "mean cat stopt!  Ur golden city dun!  Ha Ha!"

CeilingCat brokd stikk dat hurtd kittehs!

An BadKitteh dat hurtd all kittehs fer long tiem, dat mad kitteh, iz dun!  Iz stoppd!

Da hoel Urfs can haz nap!  Iz quiet but can haz gud singingz!

Even da treez happi an sez "Bad cat gon an no kitteh hurtz us!"

An ghost kittehz frum da basement cam an see bad BasementCat, even ghost kittehz dat wur kings wen alive!

Ghost kittehz sez "Wot nao BasementCat?  Ur week liek us!  LOL!

UR brot down to ground an ur muzik iz STFU!  Srsly!  Ur be wif wirms nao! Ha ha!

Ur fallz frum ceiling, BasementCat!  U hurtz Urfs but nao r in grund!

Cuz U sedz 'I gon be hiyer den CeilingCat starz!  I gun put mah kitteh bed hiyer den Ceiling!

I be hiyer den clouds liek CeilingCat!'

But ur be in basement, BasementCat!  Bad kitteh!"

An kittehs see BasementCat an sez "Wot?  R U Srs?  Dis BasementCat?  Himz who maed Urfs trembl?  Srsly?

Dis who maed mess of Urf?  Dis kitteh dat rekkd citeez?  NO WAI!"

All der nayshuns ded!  An in kitteh famlee tooms bureed ded!

But ur no bureed cuz ur too stinky fr kitteh tooms!  Ur trown awai liek ikky harbl!  Ur wors den eny kitteh an we stomp on U.

Ur no wif udr kittehs bureed cuz U wrekd Urfs!  An kilded kittehs!  UR BAD KITTEH BASEMENTCAT!!!!!11

Ur no can haz bebeh kittehz to maek bad on Urfs! No!  Urfs getz no moar bad kittehz!

Cuz I will fite dem, sez CeilingCat!  I will kutt dem off!

I will maek Babylon emtee!  No moar bad kittehz, no nutin!  I deztroyz!

Ceiling cat sez it happn cuz I sez so.

CeilingCat sez Assyrian kittehs in mai land!  I R brake em! I R step on em an dey no moar maek Israel kittehs werk!

Dis wot I do wif Urfs.  Iz mai feetz ovr all landz.

I R CeilingCat an maed contrakt wif Urfs!  Hoo braek mai contrakt?  NOBUDY!  Hoo stopz mai feetz?  NOBUDDY!!!!  Cuz I R SED SO!!! RAWR!

An den king Ahaz ded an Isaiah no dees tings gon happn an it wuz burdn.

So lissn, bad kittehz evrywhur!  No sing an be happi nao jus cuz stik dat hit yous iz brokd.  Cuz U NO WOT? A MONSTR COMZ! An firey serpentcat!  CeilingCat sez so!

An den bebeh poor kittehs can haz fudz.  An sikk an week kittehz can haz naps an be saf!  Bad kittehs, I maek u haz no cheezburgerz an moast U die!  Den gud kittehs kill rest uv U!

Howl!  An crie!  An meow!  Cuz kingdum uf bad kittehz iz gon be no moar!

undefined

Dis be a da prophecy of Celing Cat towards dat guy Moab. Arrr nd Kir be blownd up, all in da night.

Dem guys Moab nd Dibon getz all weepy over da dead. Evry Head be chaved, and yur beards be cutted. Srsly

All yu guyz will be werin ragz nd stuff, all yuz guys will cry, even dem on teh walls.

Two guys cry ta be herd, der voices go long wayz. Den Moabd menz be all wkea hreated like emo kitteh.

Mien hart be hirtin for Jo guyz. All youz be running nd runnin all opver da place, cauze I blowed up yur moab.

All tur water be dry, so youz no moar haz drinkies. All yur greenes be bye too, it beh not good. Srsly.

Moabz guyz taek all der money, and haz left.

Der weepings be go far, all hear but dem no carez.

undefined

send lambs as tribute 
2 teh rulr ov teh land, 
Frum sela, acros teh desert, 
2 teh mount ov teh daughtr ov zion.

liek flutterin birdz 
Pushd frum teh nest, 
So r teh women ov moab 
At teh fordz ov teh arnon.

"giv us counsel, 
Rendr decishun. 
Mak ur shadow liek niteâ€” 
At high noon. 
Hide teh fugitivez, 
Do not betray teh refugeez.

let teh moabite fugitivez stay wif u; 
Be their sheltr frum teh destroyr." 
Teh oppresor will come 2 an end, 
An destrucshun will cease; 
Teh aggresor will vanish frum teh land.

in luv throne will be establishd; 
In faithfulnes man will sit on itâ€” 
Wan frum teh houz [a] ov davidâ€” 
Wan hoo in judgin seekz justice 
An speedz teh cause ov righteousnes.

we has herd ov moabs prideâ€” 
Her overweenin pride an conceit, 
Her pride an her insolenceâ€” 
But her boasts r empty.

therefore teh moabitez wail, 
They wail togethr 4 moab. 
Lament an grieve 
4 da doodz [b] ov kir hareseth.

teh fieldz ov heshbon withr, 
Teh vinez ov sibmah also. 
Teh rulers ov teh nashuns 
Has trampld down teh choicest vinez, 
Which once reachd jazr 
An spread toward teh desert. 
Their shoots spread out 
An went as far as teh sea.

so i weep, as jazr weeps, 
4 da vinez ov sibmah. 
O heshbon, o elealeh, 
I drench u wif tears! 
Teh shouts ov joy ovar ur ripend fruit 
An ovar ur harvests has been stilld.

joy an gladnes r taken away frum teh orchardz; 
No wan sings or shouts in da vineyardz; 
No wan treadz out wine at teh presez, 
4 i has put an end 2 teh shoutin.

mah hart laments 4 moab liek harp, 
Mah inmost bean 4 kir hareseth.

when moab appears at her high place, 
She only wears herself out; 
When she goez 2 her shrine 2 pray, 
It 2 no avail.

undefined

A orackul about Damascus: "Look, Damascus in da future not a city; more like when da dog knocks ovah da trashcan.

All teh kittehs will leev da citys of Aroer an jus mouses live dere, not skeered of teh kittehs who no live dere no more.

Ephraim's awesum box fort will be teh ruined, liek teh boss in Damascus;  Itty bitty Aram look like teh awesumness of teh Israelites," sez teh Ceiling Cat.

"On dat caturday, teh awesum of Jacob will be pwned.  His cookies will all be eated.

It wil be liek a kitteh eating kibbles and nom nom nom food from teh can- liek when teh kittehs can has cheezburgers in teh valley of Rephaim.

But some kibbles stay in teh bowls, more in bigger bowls," sez teh Ceiling Cat of Israel.

On dat caturday, teh kittehs be lookin at teh Ceiling Cat an say "Oh Hai."

No lookin at wut they did there wif dere pawses, no lookin at scratchin posts, no lookin at catnip.

Dey will leave teh awesum boxes cuz of teh Israelites an teh boxes will be empty an sad.

U forget teh Ceiling Cat an all his cheezburgers.  So ur catnip plants, worth lots of monies,

An u care for dem an no eatses it, an brings to bud, when u try to make catnip brownies, u can't has cuz it will be teh day of badness.

Teh meowing of many kittehs- howling like dere in teh showers!

Even tho dey meow an howl, teh Ceiling Cat yells at dem and dey run away skeered, like mouses chased into a little hole in teh wall.

undefined

Oh jeeze youz guyz with whirlin wnds be bad.

Go mien mssngrs with yur stuff, in dem boats. Tell da guyz dath tehy be bad, nd speak fnny.

All yu who haz da huse as yur home. Yu will hearz trumpets nd banners. Srsly

Ceilin Cat sez "I not speakz when dis happen, I haz ceilin, I stay der, kthxbai"

All yu guyz haz yur harvests right? Will dey all be cut bfor yu getz to haz dem. Srsly.

All yur hard work be haz fud fur ur animals when da cold tiems haz dem.

undefined

undefined

So in dat yeer teh Assyrian king kitteh pwned Ashdod n pwned it gud

- u kno, dat tiem - Ceiling Cat wuz talkin thru Isaiah, kitteh of Amoz.  An Ceiling Cat sez "Oh hai. Nao taek off ur shoes an ur sakz u gotz on." An he did an ran round nekkid fur sum reesin.

An Ceiling Cat sez "Look at Isaiah, all nekkid an no shoes fer three yeers, lol. Is sien for Egypt an Cush

cuz Assyrian king kitteh gunna pwn uz, kittehs n kittens, wif nekkid buttz, LMAO.

An evrbudy no trustin yooz an luffin at ur nekkid buttz.

undefined

An oracle concernin teh desert by teh sea: 
Liek whirlwindz sweepin thru teh southland, 
An invadr comez frum teh desert, 
Frum land ov terror.

Dire vishun has been shown 2 me: 
Teh traitor betrays, teh lootr takez loot. 
Elam, attack! Media, lay siege! 
Im gonna brin 2 an end all teh groanin she causd.

At dis mah body iz rackd wif pain, 
Pangs seize me, liek dose ov woman in labor; 
Im staggerd by wut i hear, 
Im bewilderd by wut i c.

Mah hart falters, 
Fear makez me tremble; 
Teh twilight i longd 4 
Has become horror 2 me.

They set teh tablez, 
They spread teh rugs, 
They eat, they drink! 
Git up, u officers, 
Oil teh shieldz!

Dis ar teh wut teh lord sez 2 me: 
"go, post lookout 
An has him report wut he seez.

When he seez chariots 
Wif teams ov horsez, 
Riders on donkeys 
Or riders on camels, 
Let him be alert, 
Fully alert."

An teh lookout [a] shoutd, 
"dai aftr dai, mah lord, i stand on teh watchtowr; 
Evry nite i stay at mah post.

Look, her comez man in chariot 
Wif team ov horsez. 
An he givez bak teh anzwr: 
Babylon has fallen, has fallen! 
All teh imagez ov itz godz 
Lie shatterd on teh ground! "

O mah peeps, crushd on teh threshin floor, 
I tell u wut i has herd 
Frum teh lord almighty, 
Frum teh ceilin cat ov israel.

An oracle concernin dumah [b] : 
Someone calls 2 me frum seir, 
"watchman, wut iz left ov teh nite? 
Watchman, wut iz left ov teh nite?"

Teh watchman repliez, 
"mornin iz comin, but also teh nite. 
If u wud ask, den ask; 
An come bak yet again."

An oracle concernin arabia: 
U caravanz ov dedanitez, 
Hoo camp in da thickets ov arabia,

Brin watr 4 da thirsty; 
U hoo liv in tema, 
Brin fud 4 da fugitivez.

They flee frum teh sword, 
Frum teh drawn sword, 
Frum teh bent bow 
An frum teh heat ov battle.

Dis ar teh wut teh lord sez 2 me: "within wan yer, as servant bound by contract wud count it, all teh pomp ov kedar will come 2 an end.

undefined

Teh oreckle consernin Tyres cat and Sid 
OMFG Tyres cat got pwned it iz reveeld by Sighpuss, Sid merchant cat iz a nub n seacat sez "I aint moved so i iz fat but i not pregerz aiver."

teh desert by teh sea cat waz angry over Tyres for geting pwned n iz like "WTH who did thiz??"

Ceiling cat sez tat u lost teh glory dayz nd that teh catz had soiled on teh urf nd tat teh big long snakey river was ovafloed or sumin. Ceiling cat comand Canaan cat to pwn itz own big strong place for holdin stuff.

Ceiling cat then goez n sez that Chaldy cat pwned Tyres cat. Rememba Tyres cat for seventea yeerz nd sing da song nd remember the lols with Tyres.

undefined

Teh furtun I maks aboutz Tyre: OMG!!! Meaow, boatz an stufs of Tarshish!!! Tyre wuz all blowd up an duznt evn haz deir litteh boxz!!! Cyprus sent dem teh newz frum deir toobz.

Srsly, stop talkin ppl! I haz stufs to say. U gais r all rich cuz of tradin wid teh sea kittehs, I no.

Teh kitteh food of teh Shihor kaim from dem big waturz. Teh foodz wuz liek munneyz fur Tyre. Nd den all teh udder nashuns traed wid her fur teh foodz so dei culd nomz dem.

Be sorryz Sidon cuz da sea sayed sum stufs: "I nevur maed teh behbehs. An I nevur had boy kittehs or gurl kittehs."

undefined

undefined

undefined

undefined

In dat dai, 
Teh lord will punish wif his sword, 
His fierce, great an powerful sword, 
Leviathan teh glidin serpent, 
Leviathan teh coilin serpent; 
He will slay teh monstr ov teh sea.

In dat day -
"sing bout fruitful vineyard:

I, teh lord, watch ovar it; 
I watr it continually. 
I guard it dai an nite 
So dat no wan cud harm it.

I r not angry. 
If only thar wuz briers an thorns confrontin me! 
I wud march against them in battle; 
I wud set them all on fire.

Oar else let them come 2 me 4 refuge; 
Let them mak peace wif me, 
Yez, let them mak peace wif me."

In dais 2 come jacob will taek root, 
Israel will bud an blosom 
An fill all teh wurld wif fruit.

Has teh lord struck her 
As he struck down dose hoo struck her? 
Has she been killd 
As dose wuz killd hoo killd her?

Bye warfare [a] an exile u contend wif her - 
Wif his fierce blast he drivez her out, 
As on dai teh east wind blows.

Bye dis, den, will jacobs guilt be atond 4, 
An dis will be teh full fruitage ov teh removal ov his sin: 
When he makez all teh altar stonez 
2 be liek chalk stonez crushd 2 piecez, 
No asherah polez [b] or incense altars 
Will be left standin.

Teh fortifid city standz desolate, 
An abandond settlement, forsaken liek teh desert; 
Thar teh calvez graze, 
Thar they lie down; 
They strip itz branchez bare.

When itz twigs r dry, they r brokd off 
An women come an mak firez wif them. 
4 dis ar teh peeps without understandin; 
So their makr has no compashun on them, 
An their creator shows them no favor.

In dat dai teh lord will thresh frum teh flowin eufratez [c] 2 teh wadi ov egypt, an u, o israelitez, will be gatherd up wan by wan.

undefined

woe 2 dose hoo go down 2 egypt 4 halp, 
Hoo rely on horsez, 
Hoo trust in da multitude ov their chariots 
An in da great strength ov their horsemen, 
But do not look 2 teh holy wan ov israel, 
Or seek halp frum teh lord.

yet he 2 iz wize an can brin disastr; 
He doez not taek bak his werdz. 
He will rize up against teh houz ov teh wickd, 
Against dose hoo halp evildoers.

but teh egyptianz r mortals an not ceilin cat; 
Their horsez r flesh an not spirit. 
When teh lord stretchez out his hand, 
Dose hoo halp will stumble, 
Dose hoo r helpd will fall; 
All will perish togethr.

dis ar teh wut teh lord sez 2 me: 
"as lion growls, 
Great lion ovar itz preyâ€” 
An though whole band ov sheferdz 
Iz calld togethr against it, 
It not frightend by their shouts 
Or disturbd by their clamorâ€” 
So teh lord almighty will come down 
2 do battle on mount zion an on itz heights.

liek birdz hoverin overhead, 
Teh lord almighty will shield jerusalem; 
He will shield it an delivr it, 
He will pas ovar it an will rescue it."

return, u israelitez, 2 teh wan u has so greatly revoltd against.

4 in dat dai evry wan ov u will reject teh idols ov silvr an gold ur sinful hanz has made.

"assyria will fall by no hooman sword; 
Sword, not ov mortals, will devour them. 
They will flee before teh sword 
An their young doodz will be put 2 forcd labor.

undefined

c, king will reign in righteousnes 
An rulers will rule wif justice.

each man will be liek sheltr frum teh wind 
An refuge frum teh storm, 
Liek streams ov watr in da desert 
An teh shadow ov great rawk in thirsty land.

den teh eyez ov dose hoo c will no longr be closd, 
An teh ears ov dose hoo hear will listen.

teh mind ov teh rash will knoe an understand, 
An teh stammerin tongue will be fluent an clear.

no longr will teh fool be calld noble 
Nor teh scoundrel be highly respectd.

4 da fool speakz folly, 
His mind iz busy wif evil: 
He practicez ungodlines 
An spreadz error concernin teh lord; 
Teh hungry he leavez empty 
An frum teh thirsty he withholdz watr.

teh scoundrels methodz r wickd, 
He makez up evil schemez 
2 destroy teh poor wif liez, 
Even when teh plea ov teh needy iz jus.

but teh noble man makez noble planz, 
An by noble deedz he standz.

women hoo r so complasent, 
Rize up an listen 2 me; 
U daughters hoo feelz secure, 
Hear wut i has 2 say!

in lil moar than yer 
U hoo feelz secure will tremble; 
Teh grape harvest will fail, 
An teh harvest ov fruit will not come.

tremble, u complasent women; 
Shuddr, u daughters hoo feelz secure! 
Strip off ur clothez, 
Put sackcloth around ur waists.

beat ur boobs 4 da pleasant fieldz, 4 da fruitful vinez

an 4 da land ov mah peeps, 
Land overgrown wif thorns an briersâ€” 
Yez, mourn 4 all haus ov merriment 
An 4 dis city ov revelry.

teh fortres will be abandond, 
Teh noisy city desertd; 
Citadel an watchtowr will become wasteland forevr, 
Teh delight ov donkeys, paschur 4 flockz,

till teh spirit iz pourd upon us frum on high, 
An teh desert becomez fertile field, 
An teh fertile field seems liek forest.

justice will dwell in da desert 
An righteousnes liv in da fertile field.

teh fruit ov righteousnes will be peace; 
Teh effect ov righteousnes will be quietnes an confidence forevr.

mah peeps will liv in peaceful dwellin placez, 
In secure homez, 
In undisturbd placez ov rest.

though hail flattens teh forest 
An teh city iz leveld completely,

undefined

woe 2 u, o destroyr, 
U hoo has not been destroyd! 
Woe 2 u, o traitor, 
U hoo has not been betrayd! 
When u stop destroyin, 
U will be destroyd; 
When u stop betrayin, 
U will be betrayd.

o lord, be grashus 2 us; 
We long 4 u. 
Be r strength evry mornin, 
R salvashun in tiem ov distres.

at teh thundr ov ur voice, teh peoplez flee; 
When u rize up, teh nashuns scattr.

ur plundr, o nashuns, iz harvestd as by young locusts; 
Liek swarm ov locusts doodz pounce on it.

teh lord iz exaltd, 4 he dwells on high; 
He will fill zion wif justice an righteousnes.

he will be teh sure foundashun 4 ur tiems, 
Rich store ov salvashun an wisdom an knowledge; 
Teh fear ov teh lord iz teh key 2 dis treasure. [a]

look, their brave doodz cry aloud in da streets; 
Teh envoys ov peace weep bitterly.

teh highways r desertd, 
No travelers r on teh roadz. 
Teh treaty iz brokd, 
Itz witnesez [b] r despisd, 
No wan iz respectd.

teh land mourns [c] an wastez away, 
Lebanon iz ashamd an withers; 
Sharon iz liek teh arabah, 
An bashan an carmel drop their leavez.

"nao will i arize," sez teh lord. 
"nao will i be exaltd; 
Nao will i be liftd up.

u conceiv chaff, 
U giv birf 2 straw; 
Ur breath iz fire dat consumez u.

teh peoplez will be burnd as if 2 lime; 
Liek cut thornbushez they will be set ablaze."

u hoo r far away, hear wut i has dun; 
U hoo r near, acknowledge mah powr!

teh sinners in zion r terrifid; 
Tremblin grips teh godles: 
"hoo ov us can dwell wif teh consumin fire? 
Hoo ov us can dwell wif evrlastin burnin?"

he hoo walkz righteously 
An speakz wut iz rite, 
Hoo rejects gain frum extorshun 
An keeps his hand frum acceptin bribez, 
Hoo stops his ears against plots ov murdr 
An shuts his eyez against contemplatin evil-

dis ar teh teh man hoo will dwell on teh heights, 
Whose refuge will be teh mountain fortres. 
His bread will be supplid, 
An watr will not fail him.

ur eyez will c teh king in his beauty 
An view land dat stretchez afar.

in ur thoughts u will pondr teh formr terror: 
"wer iz dat chief officr? 
Wer iz teh wan hoo took teh revenue? 
Wer iz teh officr in charge ov teh towers?"

u will c dose arrogant peeps no moar, 
Dose peeps ov an obscure speech, 
Wif their strange, incomprehensible tongue.

look upon zion, teh city ov r festivals; 
Ur eyez will c jerusalem, 
Peaceful abode, tent dat will not be movd; 
Itz stakez will nevr be pulld up, 
Nor any ov itz ropez brokd.

thar teh lord will be r mighty wan. 
It will be liek place ov broad rivers an streams. 
No galley wif oars will ride them, 
No mighty ship will sail them.

4 da lord iz r judge, 
Teh lord iz r lawgivr, 
Teh lord iz r king; 
It he hoo will save us.

ur riggin hangs loose: 
Teh mast iz not held secure, 
Teh sail iz not spread. 
Den an abundance ov spoils will be dividd 
An even teh lame will carry off plundr.

undefined

come near, u nashuns, an listen; 
Pai attenshun, u peoplez! 
Let teh urf hear, an all dat iz in it, 
Teh wurld, an all dat comez out ov it!

teh lord iz angry wif all nashuns; 
His wrath iz upon all their armiez. 
He will totally destroy [a] them, 
He will giv them ovar 2 slaughtr.

their slain will be thrown out, 
Their ded bodiez will send up stench; 
Teh mountains will be soakd wif their blood.

all teh stars ov teh heavens will be disolvd 
An teh sky rolld up liek scroll; 
All teh starry host will fall 
Liek witherd leavez frum teh vine, 
Liek shriveld figs frum teh fig tree.

mah sword has drunk itz fill in da heavens; 
C, it descendz in judgment on edom, 
Teh peeps i has totally destroyd.

teh sword ov teh lord iz bafd in blood, 
It coverd wif fatâ€” 
Teh blood ov lambs an goats, 
Fat frum teh kidneys ov rams. 
4 da lord has sacrifice in bozrah 
An great slaughtr in edom.

an teh wild oxen will fall wif them, 
Teh bull calvez an teh great bulls. 
Their land will be drenchd wif blood, 
An teh dust will be soakd wif fat.

4 da lord has dai ov vengeance, 
Yer ov retribushun, 2 ufold zions cause.

edoms streams will be turnd into pitch, 
Her dust into burnin sulfur; 
Her land will become blazin pitch!

it will not be quenchd nite an dai; 
Itz smoke will rize forevr. 
Frum generashun 2 generashun it will lie desolate; 
No wan will evr pas thru it again.

teh desert owl [b] an screech owl [c] will posess it; 
Teh great owl [d] an teh raven will nest thar. 
Ceilin cat will stretch out ovar edom 
Teh measurin line ov chaos 
An teh plumb line ov desolashun.

her noblez will has nothin thar 2 be calld kingdom, 
All her princez will vanish away.

thorns will overrun her citadels, 
Nettlez an bramblez her strongholdz. 
She will become haunt 4 jackals, 
Home 4 owls.

desert creaturez will meet wif hyenas, 
An wild goats will bleat 2 each othr; 
Thar teh nite creaturez will also repose 
An find 4 themselvez placez ov rest.

teh owl will nest thar an lay eggs, 
She will hatch them, an care 4 her young undr teh shadow ov her wings; 
Thar also teh falcons will gathr, 
Each wif itz mate.

look in da scroll ov teh lord an read: 
None ov thees will be misin, 
Not wan will lack her mate. 
4 it his mouth dat has given teh ordr, 
An his spirit will gathr them togethr.

undefined

Teh outside iz gud for dem an teh plants will grow

Dey shall blosom an look at teh wunderz of teh Hover Cat cuz he iz teh pwnz0r

Dis will mak kittens strong

So dey are not scareded cuz teh Hover Cat comez comez wif vengeance to save littel kittens hoo r scareded.

Den teh blind will see teh uber Urf and teh deaf will hear teh sound ov teh birds up in sky (an sum hoo cant fly) and teh sound of teh moomoo cows.

Den teh kittens shall jump an watr be in teh sandy parts ov teh Urf

Grass shall grow thru teh ground an watr will gush an kittens has lotz da cheezcake.

An the holy wai wuz thar. Only gud kittehs will pass thru, an teh naughty kittehs will be rejected.

Teh bad kittehs an monstrs can not pass but teh gud ones will will walk thur.

undefined

Oftah Hezekiah had bean da big cheez of da cheezburgr a wiel, unutta kitteh cawld Sennacherib pwnd Judah.

Den da kittehkeeng told a kittehcheef wit a beeg gang from Lachish to goe to Kittehking Hezekiah at Jerusalem. When da kittehcheef stopped at da watuhbowl of the hai-tub on da whay to Washerman's Field,

Eliakim, littel kitteh of Hilkiah, da r00lmaykah of da beeg-hows, Shebna, da fielwurkah, and Joah, littel kitteh of da kitteh hoo riet stuf doun called Asaph, went owt too da kittehcheef.

Da kittehcheef sedz, "Dis is wot da 
beeg kittehking, da kittehking of 
Assyria, says: Wai r so shoor ov urself?

U sez u no wot u dooing and haf a plan  
and dat ur armee is strong but u neva do
nuttin! Wai u go ugenst kittehking? Wtf 
d00d?

I noes! U get all ur help frm Egypt, 
da week land! Da Fairoh of Egypt ees liek 
a broek scratchpost, just hertz kitteh if 
kitteh leans on it! Wai u depend on Fairoh-
king of Egypt?

And if u sedz to kittehking: 
"We gedz all us help from da Ceiling Cat" 
den kittehking sez "Didn't Hezekiah taek 
away Ceiling Cat's litterboks and sofa and 
den sedz too Judah and Jerusalem "All kittehs
must serve bai dis litterboks"?"

But u can 
maek a deel wid kittehking. U must sez "Us'll
give u two-thousand dogs to carrie u but u must
rejustah dem wit da hoomins"

So how kan kittehs 
sez no to kittehhelper dats louest of da kittehkings 
kittehservants, wen kittehs relie on Egypt for help?! 
Srsly, wtf?

undefined

Wen Hezekiah heerd dis, he ript hiz cloz an putz on a bag an goez to teh tempul.

An he sendz Eliakim an Shebna an preestz waring bagz to see Isaiah.

An dey sez to him "Hezekiah sez: Dis iz rly bad dai.

Ceiling Cat cud heer gai in charj sai nasti tingz abowt him, an mit pnish him.  Prai foar him, k?"

Wen teh gaiz seed Isaiah,

Isaiah sed "U go bak, tell gai Ceiling Cat sez dis: Dun be skeerd uv wut dose gaiz sed.

undefined

Hezekiah wuz chasing no more mousez, he willz soon dies. Teh kitteh Isaiah goez to him, "Oh HAI.  Ceiling Cat sed: Tidies up your cat toys, coz youz haz run out of lifs; youes willz never want be chasing mousez ane more, n stuff."

Hezekiah hidez under the sofa, and wuz like, 'Oh noes', and prayz to Ceiling Cat,

"O, Ceiling Cat, I do not wantz. I haz been gud catz, and haz made you cookies and haz never eaten them." And Hezekiah mioawed out, and iz noe happy.

Then Ceiling Cat sed to Isaiah

"Tellz Hezekiah, 'Ceiling Cat sayz to youes: I haz heard you miaows, I will gives you one more cat life (that iz 15 yearz).

I willz gives you cheezeburgrz, and will reeli protects your cities and all that.

This willz shoes you dat Ceiling Cates promise to youes is no lies.

I makes sun beam lights goes back, where you haz laid in its this morning, on der flor." So likes Ceiling Cat haz sed der magic warmness goes back, to wer Hezekiah cat seen it, befor.

Wen Hezekiah bes better n stuff, he sed dis.

He sed, "In mai best cat times Must I goes to catteries? And play with mousez no more?"

He sed, "no moes see I Ceiling Cat, not in mai sofa funs room: no mores see I the differenter catz or b wid dem, playing, n' stuff."

Mai cat basket bes taked from me like teh walrus's bucket. I bes picking up mai lif like dogs wivs bones. Ceiling Cat lets me haz mai last lifes, he cutz the strings from teh kitteh ballz.

I sleeps till morning, k?. Like invisible hammer he breakz mai bones, ending all mai funs.

Likez the noisey birdies has I noise. Want a nap now, KTHXBAI. Ceiling Cat, bes my invisible blanket.

Ceiling Cat noes wants? Willz do wat he wantz coz mai soul is likes I loses mai bucket. Srsly.

But Ceiling Cats be letting me live now. So is likes I haz bucket.

Maybes is for bests was thinking I bes losing my bucket. But yous maeks cookies for mes, and keeps me from Walrus, and forgets mai invisible errors.

If cats be losing last lives n stuff, dey cannot bes maeks cookies for you; dey can noes be hoping for no cheeseburgrs.

But we lif cats maeks cookies for you loads; I bes baeking today. I will tells mai kittehs bout this stuff, k?

My miaows. Ceiling Cat haz heard them. Will play invisible guitars to praiz him.

Isaiah sed, "Give kitteh teh tablet. He bes better then. Srsly."

undefined

K then Merodach-baladan de son of Baladan hoo wuz Hed Cat o babylon, him sendz peoples wif teh letters ad catnip fohz Hezekiah, becuz he had dem hairballz but now got teh betters.

Dem Hezekiah gaves meowz ad dem showz teh gold n other catnips. Srsly, waznt notting dat his dem no showz.

ok then Isaiah comez a he sez:


undefined

So Isaiah sez: Heer teh Ceiling Cat:

All your basez weel belong to dem!

undefined

"Make no cry, make no cry muh peeps" sayz ur Celing Cat.

Talk to a da heart of Ceiling Cat's city and meow at her, cuz she's all feeded and fullz, cuz her badcatness iz finished and she away! from Ceiling Cat's paw 2x for her badcatness.

Big meow say, "Inna da big catbox outside wif da sandz, make way for Ceiling Cat!, make wild place be goodkittehz, a BIG road for Ceiling Cat."

Big up every dippy hill place, every hill and big get small, not smoof land get smoof and close hill get faaaaaar.

And Ceiling Cat's goodnesses will shows! and all peeps together will see Ceiling Cat's mouf talkin.

Another cat that me not see say "Meow! and I sayz "Meow what? "All pplz r grassez n all its cheezburgers r like pretty flower.

Grassez get dryz and go bai, flower go bai 2, cuz Ceiling Cat blowzed on dem; all da peeps iz grassez 2!

Grassez get dryz, flower go bai but Celing Cat's werds lif foreva!

Go up on big pile of laundriez, marked of Ceiling Cat's home scratchin post, meow reeel loud, marked of Ceiling Cat's city, meow louda, no scare; tells cities of Celing Cat's catdom, "Oh hai! Hail ur Celing Cat!"

Lookz! Celing Cat comes wif strong pawz, da rule for him; lookz! his cheezburgerz for da peeps r wif him and his catnipz 2!

Like mama cat wif her kittehs, wif his paw takez upz f00dz and carries them orf, feedin the lil kittehs on da way

Who measured da wattah in his paws(Ceiling Cat PWNS bcuz He knows kittehs DO NOT WANT!!!) An knows how big iz ceiling side2side, An pwns all sand on urfs and meks sur all hillz an mtnz evenz stevenz?

WTF Hu givez peeses of HovrCat out to teh kittehs and PWNS, and teechez and giveses adviz n stuf. Srsly.

Hu Ceiling Cat pwns 2 knows am comprenz stuf lak judgmt An knowz And comprens An stuf?

Beholdz. Teh nationz is in mah bucket. Srsly. Rlly Srsly.

All teh treez in teh Lebanon n teh dogz and cowz and teh birdz dere 2 iz not nuff 2 burn fer Ceiling Cat to eated.

Teh contreez iz nuffin 2 Him, cuz he not watch CNN. Srsly.

Who iz u compaer 2 Ceiling Cat? Stephen Colbert? Nowayz!

Ken he b compaerd 2 rap starz wif gold teef and teh bling blingz?

Or if u dun liek dat, mebbe cuntri star wif big belt buckel?

Iz u not heardz?  Iz u stoopid? Can u not herez Ceiling Cat goez meowww?!  He sed so befoer he createded teh Urfs, duh! Y u stoopid, k?

Ceiling Cat sitz abuv teh Urfs, watchez teh peepz dat luk liek mices, but he haz not eated dem.  Teh skiez r liek curtinz for Him to climbz.

PrinzCats PWND SRSLY by teh Ceiling Cat, and JudgCatz are n00bz an stupidheads.

No grasses teh eat an no diggins to claw bcuz Ceiling Cat Hizzed n PWNS and grasses maded wetpantz and then dedngon. Srsly.

Ceiling Cat sez "I am Ceiling Cat DUH and I has PWNED and u r st00pid n00bz if u don no I PWNs."

OMHG WTF who doze? Up der, on the icebox w/gooshyfood inside, Ceiling Cat has dem ready for PWNs An Ceiling Cat nos sll der nms.

Kittehs Jakob n Isrl think u hid ur cheezburgers and Ceiling Cat not no u chase girlcatz in dark (but kitteh see in dark so is ok.)

Ceiling Cat sez "How u not no st00pid n00b how u thinkeded u hide ur cheezburgers an mice from Ceiling Cat? Ceiling Cat PWNS !!!!!!eleventimes jazzhands w00t. I no tired of watchin u all ur bases an stuff. but u no get it, st00pidz"

Ceiling Cat gavezez sharpclaws and PWR1UP to tired kittehs, And 1UP4EVRSRSLY to kittehs 2 week to drinkz milkz.

TeenagerKittehs tired and no land on four feet owtchwaaah.

undefined

Stfu yu guys, ai tryin to spaeks heer. Teh kittehs can has catnips; let dem coem to meh; an let dem spaeks; an let us can has teh judgement togethah.

Wtf rouseded teh justice kitteh frum teh eest an askeded teh justice kitteh to pls to coem halp him? Him gets hoal littahs an killz teh kings an maeks dem liek drieded catfud wiv him paws an liek kitteh litteh wif him moufs.

Him play catch wif dem, an win, an him paws hover.

Wtf done al dis stuf yu guys? Frum teh vewee beginin? Ai, Ceiling Cat, iz furst, an wif teh last ai can has also.

Faer me yu guys, teh ends of Urfs tramble, an fings iz naer.

Dem says, ai can has courage naw.

Teh longcat say "Oh hai thar printah cat, lukin gud", an teh unsuspectin kitteh say to teh sprinklscat "Ai lieks yur sprinkls", an dem finds moar sprinkls togethah.

But yu, peeps uv Israel, an Jacob, kitteh uv Abraham, yu ai choseded --

Yu ai takeded frum teh endz of teh Urfs an calleded an choseded --

No faers, ai iz wif yu, has no dismay. Fur ai iz ur Ceiling Cat, an ai gives yu strengf, an ai halps yu, an ai upholds yu wif mai right paw uv justice.

An dem doggehs agains yu shal be shameded an shal has perish naw.

Yu shal sekes teh doggehs an yu shal not find dem fur dey nuffin naw.

Fur ai iz Ceiling Cat an can grasps ur right paw an can says "No faers. Ai iz halping yu."

No faers, doggeh Jacob. No faers, maus Israel. Ai halps yu, say Ceiling Cat. Yu can has teh holy oen uv Israel fur to redeme yu.

Naw, ai makes yu threshin sledge, sharp an wif duoble edge, srsly. An yu guys can makes teh hils flat an teh mauntans yu can crushes dem.

An wen yu has finisheded, teh wind wil taek dem an scattah dem. An yu guys can says "epic wins!" an rejoice in Ceiling Cat teh holy oen uv Israel.

Teh stray kittehs sekes milks an der tungs iz firsty. Ai, Ceiling Cat, wil spaeks to dem. Ai, Ceiling Cat, wil not fursaek dem.

Ai wil opens milk rivahs on teh baer haits, an milk fauntans in teh vallehs. Ai wil turns teh desert to milkland an teh dry grouns to springs uv craem.

Ai wil puts fishes in teh desert; ai wil puts chikken an mauses an in teh wasteland,

Soes al teh kittehs sees an understans Ceiling Cat doned it. Teh holy oen uv Israel has maded it.

Gives ur case, say Ceiling Cat; brings forf ur raesons.

Lets dem coem an fortell whats wil happen! Wat iz teh tings uv long ago? Spaeks so we noes an tels we futur stuf!

Noes futur stuf an we wil noes yu iz liek ceiling cats! Do sumfin gud or teh evil, srsly. We can has awe an faer den.

But yu iz nuffin an ur works iz nuffin an chusin yu iz failz!

Ai has gots oen frum teh norf, an him come; frum teh east ai calls him bai naem; Him shal trample teh rulahs liek kitteh littah, liek teh wikipediacat edits ur articles.

Wai yu guys not say al dis already? Wai yu not tell so we can says "O yah, iz troof"? No kitteh heared a kitteh say,

"O yah, dey coem naw" or "Fur Jerusalam ai finds a prophetcat who says wen dey comes".

Wen ai luk ai can sees no kitteh who says wen dey comes or noes anyfins.

undefined

Dis iz wut TopCat sez: "Ai maded yuz, mai kittehs. Don b scardeyCatz; don b afrad. Ai luvz yu; yuz r mien.

Wen yu gose n 2 watr, ai b wif yu. Wen der b rain or fier, ai b wif yu. Yuz no drownded or b burnded.

Dis all cuz iz TopCat, yur Ceiling Cat. Ai giv yuz Egypt-land an Couch an Sofa.

Ai luvz yu. Yuz r prechus 2 me. Dis y ai protektz yu.

Liek ai sez b4, don b scardeycatz. Lyk srsly! Ai b wif yu. Yur lil kittehs, ai giv bak 2 yu.

Ai sez 2 mean peeps dat taek yur kittehs: 'giv dem bak! All kittens, giv bak 2 me.

All kittehs dat r mien anna ai maded - giv em bak.' Srsy!"

Yu gotz blind kittehs wit aiz? Yu gotz def kittehs wit eerz? Want!

Let da nashuns gadder. Yu see dis coming? O rly? Yu gotz pruf, so da kittehs can say "srsly?"

undefined

thus ses ceiling cat to syrup, whos rite paw i has holden to bark at bad naybur dog for kitteh, nd will help him and will make front door wide open so he can go in n out.

ceiling cat tiptoes before you, test out se wey will open fridge for u n open big fridge door. srsly !

ceiling cat give u hidden stuff in fridge, even in freezer compartments end very high shelf that kitteh can not reach, so you know that I ceiling cat iz masta, calls you kitteh, is ceiling cat of Izrahel. K ?

for ketchup my favurite n izrahel is all mines, hef sed his name, hef sed COME MILK kitteh but u bad kitteh not come.

me is ceiling cat, iz only ceiling cat, iz no space for 2 up here, ceiling cat give u FREE CHEESEBURGER  but u not say OK THANKS ceiling cat.

that all neiburs know me iz highest ceiling cat, other ceiling cat not as high as me, me is highest. other ceiling cats are all wusses.

iz me hoo switch lights on switch lights off, is me dat purr and dat kill mouses. me ceiling cat is masta of house.

let wata from broken watapipe come down ceiling, many water come is gudd ! wiss sledgehammer make holez in floor is gudd ! rewire electric cables is GUDD ! ceiling cat is masta of house.

u mess with ceiling cat u srsly mess with rong kitteh. u no ceiling cat u hef no skillz. ceiling cat ownz all household ownz lordling ownz mistress. K ?

ceiling cat not like complainz not like murmur of lordling  murmur of se mistress. Not liek any murmur.

so is it: i ceiling cat superfurry masta hazz maked Izrahel hazz full visionz knows everithings even tomorro, hazz made all is MASTA CAT !

ceiling cat hazz make basket of all kittens, ceiling cat supermasta of all kittens in village. ceiling cat BIG has made heven n urf !

in de truth kitten is offspling of ceiling cat. ceiling cat sezz kittie wat 2 do n give srsly advice n stuffs. I hazz given u cat food haz given u many cheeseburgerz, ball of wool also, all for zip ceiling cat take no quarterz from kitteh.

I ceiling cat ses dis: allse GDP of USA all se GDP of Niggaz n Sudanese tall mastas, sey come to u n u ownz dem all. they all wants to hear u purr n they come pets u.  K ?  they tinks u iz supa kitteh, say U OWNZ n SUPA CEILING CAT!!

Iz true ceiling cat is tricksy, iz hiding in ceiling, is like fireman rescue kitteh in danger.

all the hataz all barking dogz i ceiling cat sez 2 dem: SHHHT dont disturb kittenz. QUIET u iz bad dogs, bad dogs u iz.

but Izrahel specul kitteh, ceiling cat take him up to ceiling foreva, shows u secret stash of cheeseburgers n more.

So ses ceiling cat the masta: I hez made evrysing hes made all basketz, has made houses, has made gud concrete bed for gud house. made baskets for kittens. Ceiling cat is VERY SMART.

ceiling cat not is cellar cat. ceiling cat not hide in corner, in storage room. Not sey HI IS CEILING CAT n run away. Ceiling cat speak deh truth K ?

All kittens come hir. Make huggy huggy and cuddlez. Also neybur kitteh that is bad kitteh. neibor kitteh think neighbor give many cheeseburgerz but only ceiling cat haz cheeseburgers.

Neybur cat is silly silly cat fo real. not know anysings. only ceiling cat can know. ceiling cat know hebrew iz Adonai bara Elohim and Hashem also. Ceiling cat is SUPERCAT ! no other supercat are in hole village ! srsly !

all ze kittens all ze kittens come to ceiling cats house, only ceiling cat has MANY CHEESEBURGERZ !

I hez sed n will not sey otherweis, not sey stuff and is not troo. When I say is troo den is troo. Everone iz accountable to ceiling cat.

Everyone sey OH SUPA ceilingcat and CEILING CAT OWNZ n stuff like that ceiling cat is masta and defeatz all other kittens.

undefined

bel bows down, nebo stoops low; 
Their idols r borne by beasts ov burden. [a] 
Teh imagez dat r carrid bout r burdensome, 
Burden 4 da weary.

they stoop an bow down togethr; 
Unable 2 rescue teh burden, 
They themselvez go off into captivity.

"listen 2 me, o houz ov jacob, 
All u hoo remain ov teh houz ov israel, 
U whom i has ufeld since u wuz conceivd, 
An has carrid since ur birf.

even 2 ur old age an gray hairs 
Im he, im he hoo will sustain u. 
I has made u an im gonna carry u; 
Im gonna sustain u an im gonna rescue u.

"2 whom will u compare me or count me equal? 
2 whom will u liken me dat we cud be compard?

sum pour out gold frum their bags 
An weigh out silvr on teh scalez; 
They hire goldsmith 2 mak it into ceilin cat, 
An they bow down an worship it.

they lift it 2 their shoulders an carry it; 
They set it up in itz place, an thar it standz. 
Frum dat spot it cant moov. 
Though wan criez out 2 it, it doez not anzwr; 
It cant save him frum his troublez.

"remembr dis, fix it in mind, 
Taek it 2 hart, u rebels.

remembr teh formr things, dose ov long ago; 
Im ceilin cat, an thar iz no othr; 
Im ceilin cat, an thar iz none liek me.

i mak known teh end frum teh beginnin, 
Frum ancient tiems, wut iz still 2 come. 
I say: mah purpose will stand, 
An im gonna do all dat i plz.

frum teh east i summon bird ov prey; 
Frum far-off land, man 2 fulfill mah purpose. 
Wut i has sed, dat will i brin bout; 
Wut i has plannd, dat will i doez.

listen 2 me, u stubborn-heartd, 
U hoo r far frum righteousnes.

undefined

"go down, sit in da dust, 
Virgin daughtr ov babylon; 
Sit on teh ground without throne, 
Daughtr ov teh babylonianz. [a] 
No moar will u be calld 
Tendr or delicate.

taek millstonez an grind flour; 
Taek off ur veil. 
Lift up ur skirts, bare ur legs, 
An wade thru teh streams.

ur nakednes will be exposd 
An ur shame uncoverd. 
Im gonna taek vengeance; 
Im gonna spare no wan."

r redeemrâ€”teh lord almighty iz his naymâ€” 
Iz teh holy wan ov israel.

"sit in silence, go into darknes, 
Daughtr ov teh babylonianz; 
No moar will u be calld 
Queen ov kingdoms.

i wuz angry wif mah peeps 
An desecratd mah inheritance; 
I gaev them into ur hand, 
An u showd them no mercy. 
Even on teh agd 
U laid vry heavy yoke.

u sed, im gonna continue forevrâ€” 
Teh eternal queen! 
But u did not considr thees things 
Or reflect on wut mite happen.

"nao den, listen, u wanton creachur, 
Loungin in ur security 
An sayin 2 yourself, 
Im, an thar iz none besidez me. 
Im gonna nevr be widow 
Or suffr teh los ov children.

both ov thees will overtaek u 
In moment, on single dai: 
Los ov children an widowhood. 
They will come upon u in full measure, 
In spite ov ur lotz da sorceriez 
An all ur potent spells.

u has trustd in ur wickednes 
An has sed, no wan seez me. 
Ur wisdom an knowledge mislead u 
When u say 2 yourself, 
Im, an thar iz none besidez me.

disastr will come upon u, 
An u will not knoe how 2 conjure it away. 
Calamity will fall upon u 
Dat u cant ward off wif ranzom; 
Katastrofe u cant foresee 
Will suddenly come upon u.

"keep on, den, wif ur magic spells 
An wif ur lotz da sorceriez, 
Which u has labord at since childhood. 
Perhaps u will succed, 
Perhaps u will cause terror.

all teh counsel u has receivd has only worn u out! 
Let ur astrologers come fwd, 
Dose stargazers hoo mak predicshuns month by month, 
Let them save u frum wut iz comin upon u.

surely they r liek stubble; 
Teh fire will burn them up. 
They cant even save themselvez 
Frum teh powr ov teh flame. 
Her r no coals 2 warm anyone; 
Her iz no fire 2 sit by.

undefined

"listen 2 dis, o houz ov jacob, 
U hoo r calld by teh naym ov israel 
An come frum teh line ov judah, 
U hoo taek oaths in da naym ov teh lord 
An invoke teh ceilin cat ov israelâ€” 
But not in truth or righteousnes-

u hoo call yourselvez citizens ov teh holy city 
An rely on teh ceilin cat ov israelâ€” 
Teh lord almighty iz his naym:

i foretold teh formr things long ago, 
Mah mouth announcd them an i made them known; 
Den suddenly i actd, an they came 2 pas.

4 i knew how stubborn u wuz; 
Teh sinews ov ur neck wuz iron, 
Ur forehead wuz bronze.

therefore i told u thees things long ago; 
Before they happend i announcd them 2 u 
So dat u cud not say, 
Mah idols did them; 
Mah wooden image an metal ceilin cat ordaind them.

u has herd thees things; look at them all. 
Will u not admit them? 
"frum nao on im gonna tell u ov new things, 
Ov hidden things unknown 2 u.

they r creatd nao, an not long ago; 
U has not herd ov them before todai. 
So u cant say, 
Yez, i knew ov them.

u has neithr herd nor understood; 
Frum ov old ur ear has not been open. 
Well do i knoe how treacherous u r; 
U wuz calld rebel frum birf.

4 mah own nayms saek i delay mah wrath; 
4 da saek ov mah praize i hold it bak frum u, 
So as not 2 cut u off.

c, i has refind u, though not as silvr; 
I has testd u in da furnace ov afflicshun.

4 mah own saek, 4 mah own saek, i doez dis. 
How i can let myself be defamd? 
Im gonna not yield mah glory 2 anothr.

"listen 2 me, o jacob, 
Israel, whom i has calld: 
Im he; 
I r furst an i r last.

mah own hand laid teh foundashuns ov teh earth, 
An mah rite hand spread out teh heavens; 
When i summon them, 
They all stand up togethr.

"come togethr, all ov u, an listen: 
Which ov teh idols has foretold thees things? 
Teh lordz chosen ally 
Will carry out his purpose against babylon; 
His arm will be against teh babylonianz. [a]

i, even i, has spoken; 
Yez, i has calld him. 
Im gonna brin him, 
An he will succed in his mishun.

"come near me an listen 2 dis: 
"frum teh furst announcement i has not spoken in seekret; 
At teh tiem it happens, im thar." 
An nao teh sovereign lord has sent me, 
Wif his spirit.

dis ar teh wut teh lord sezâ€” 
Ur redeemr, teh holy wan ov israel: 
"i r lord ur ceilin cat, 
Hoo teachez u wut iz best 4 u, 
Hoo directs u in da wai u shud go.

if only u had paid attenshun 2 mah commandz, 
Ur peace wud has been liek rivr, 
Ur righteousnes liek teh wavez ov teh sea.

ur descendants wud has been liek teh sand, 
Ur children liek itz numberles grains; 
Their naym wud nevr be cut off 
Nor destroyd frum before me."

leef babylon, 
Flee frum teh babylonianz! 
Announce dis wif shouts ov joy 
An proclaim it. 
Send it out 2 teh endz ov teh earth; 
Say, "teh lord has redeemd his servant jacob."

they did not thirst when he led them thru teh deserts; 
He made watr flow 4 them frum teh rawk; 
He split teh rawk 
An watr gushd out.

undefined

 Dis is what teh Ceiling Cat sez:


 wen ai came, why wus der no one?


 ai clothe teh sky wit darkness 


 teh sovereign Ceiling Cat has given me an instructed tongue, 


 teh sovereign Ceiling Cat has opened mai ears, 


 ai offered mai back to those who beat me, 


 becus teh sovereign Ceiling Cat helps me, 


 him who vindicates me is near. 


 it is teh sovereign Ceiling Cat who helps me. 


 who among yu fears teh lord an obeys teh word uv him servant? 


undefined

Listen gud kittehs, srsly. U is lukkin fur ceiling cat? Luk at ur folks, is troof.

Lemmie hexplain: See, I gives ur mumz and dads cheezburger then mum thinx dad is hawt and out pops Neu kitteh. So I iz like top machmakur.

undefined

awaek, awaek, o zion, 
Clothe yourself wif strength. 
Put on ur garments ov splendor, 
O jerusalem, teh holy city. 
Teh uncircumcisd an defild 
Will not entr u again.

shaek off ur dust; 
Rize up, sit enthrond, o jerusalem. 
Free yourself frum teh chains on ur neck, 
O captiv daughtr ov zion.

4 dis ar teh wut teh lord sez: 
"u wuz sold 4 nothin, 
An without money u will be redeemd."

4 dis ar teh wut teh sovereign lord sez: 
"at furst mah peeps went down 2 egypt 2 liv; 
Lately, assyria has oppresd them.

"an nao wut do i has her?" declarez teh lord. 
"4 mah peeps has been taken away 4 nothin, 
An dose hoo rule them mock, [a] " 
Declarez teh lord. 
"an all dai long 
Mah naym iz constantly blasfemd.

therefore mah peeps will knoe mah naym; 
Therefore in dat dai they will knoe 
Dat it i hoo foretold it. 
Yez, it i."

how beautiful on teh mountains 
R teh feet ov dose hoo brin gud news, 
Hoo proclaim peace, 
Hoo brin gud tidings, 
Hoo proclaim salvashun, 
Hoo say 2 zion, 
"ur ceilin cat reigns!"

listen! Ur watchmen lift up their voicez; 
Togethr they shout 4 joy. 
When teh lord returns 2 zion, 
They will c it wif their own eyez.

burst into songs ov joy togethr, 
U ruins ov jerusalem, 
4 da lord has comfortd his peeps, 
He has redeemd jerusalem.

teh lord will lay bare his holy arm 
In da sight ov all teh nashuns, 
An all teh endz ov teh earth will c 
Teh salvashun ov r ceilin cat.

depart, depart, go out frum thar! 
Touch no unclean ting! 
Come out frum it an be pure, 
U hoo carry teh vesels ov teh lord.

but u will not leef in haste 
Or go in flight; 
4 da lord will go before u, 
Teh ceilin cat ov israel will be ur rear guard.

c, mah servant will act wisely [b] ; 
He will be raisd an liftd up an highly exaltd.

jus as thar wuz lotz da hoo wuz appalld at him [c]
His appearance wuz so disfigurd beyond dat ov any man 
An his form marrd beyond hooman likenes

undefined

Woo haz beleeved teh storee? N to woo haz been pettd wif da paw of Ceiling Cat?

He growd before us, liek a tiny kitteh, liek a root in teh gardenz. He had no soft furz, no invisible bicyclez. Nuthin thas says, “o hai, ai iz prettay cat!”

He wuz steppd on by the peoplez, a sad kitteh, woo knowd sorry. Liek doze uglee peoplez, dat uthers look at n sai “ewwww”, he wuz not liekd vry much.

But he taekd all the scry stuff n de stuff dat makes kittehs sad n he carried it arnd. We wuz still stoopid n thot that Ceiling Cat punishd dis kitteh, pokd him wif a newspapr n put him in da backyard at nite.

He wuz pwnd cuz we doez bad stuff, he wuz hurtd cuz we taek cheezburgr n not ask first. Teh pwnage dat maed us all bettr wuz on dis kitteh n cuz he take it we’z okay now. Srsly.

We haz gone liek da sheep n go awy cuz r wai iz bettr den da wai uv Ceiling Cat; but cuz o dis Ceiling Cat haz put da bad stuff on dis kitteh. rly.

Dis kitteh had lotza bad stuff happen, but he not say nuthin’. Dis kitteh keep hiz mouf shut. He wuz liek doze sheep dat don’t say nuthin wen they’z bout to be sheard. Dis kitteh keep hiz mouf shut. Srsly.

Cuz uv sad n meanness, dis kitteh goed awai. N wut to say bout hiz childrenz? He doesn’t got ani cuz dey told him ta go awai bfore he haz more kittehs. He no had childrenz cuz other kittehs suckz.

He had ta stay wit da bad kittehs. Da kind dat no liek Ceiling Cat n think he suckz n da kind dat taek all the cookies n not share. Suckz, cuz dis kitteh wuz gud n rly liekd Ceiling Cat n uder kittehs. He didnt lie, neither.

But it wuz Ceiling Cat woo hit dis kitteh wif da newspaper, n tho Ceiling Cat put dis kitteh out in da backyard, he will be nice soon n give many childrenz n let kitteh back inside. Dis kitteh will do da will of Ceiling Cat n it will be great, kthx.

Aftr kitteh gets ovr pwnage, then he will b happi cuz all da uder kittehs r happi too. Cuz dis kitteh taekz bad stuff n maeks it gud.

undefined

“Meows if u iz cat dat no haz kittehs. U has more kittehs den womancat wit mancat, srsly,” saiz teh LOARD.

“Use teh blanketz and stuffz of the hoomans an maik kewl tent

for to haz PARTEEEZ just liek ifn u haz gazillion kittehs.

No be skerred!  I no maik u blush!!

Stead i maiks u mai wifey YAY!!! (iz ok, iz liek i do with teh nunkittehs).  Ur knew hubbie iz RLY KEWWWLLL! Iz liek, Gawd of hole ewniverse an stuffz.

He gotz ur numbr wen u were on rebount or sumpin.”

And Ceiling cat sez, “ Ai only leff u for liek, a secont cuz i bring bak cheezburgerz!!1!

Yeah, u herd. Cheezburgerz.

“An i no git mad wit u; liek i sez two Noahcat, i no maiks u taik bath nevr no moar.

Cuz if teh starz dat we lookz upawn shood tumbel and fallz and teh mountins shood crumbel two teh see, i wont cry ifn u stand by mee.

So don be all sad in big stormz, cuz i maik u niiiice howse.

Srsly. It will b pritty an hav catnipz.

And ceiling cat will teech ur kittehs to chill out.

U is rychuss!!!  So don wurry, beez happie!

And all dem bulliez an der posseez r trippin.

Obvies. i boobie-trappt all der weppons and stuffz.

undefined

OMG free cheezburgrz fur all ov yu! No luk at me all like "wtf?!" No sez "DO NOT WANT!" Jus com an get it! Iz tasty gud!

Wy yu buy spensiv junk fud whut don fill teh belleh? I got gud stuffs fur yu. Iz not jus cheezburgrz, is GORMET cheezburgrz!

Cmere an lissen 2 mai advis so yu can has gud lif wif naps in teh sun an cheezburgr evry day. I iz giv yu kewl an speshul promis leik i givs 2 mai servnt David who wuz bff wif meh.

C, i has made him witnes 2 teh peoplez, 
Leadr an commandr ov teh peoplez.

Surely u will summon nashuns u knoe not, 
An nashuns dat do not knoe u will hasten 2 u, 
Cuz ov teh lord ur ceilin cat, 
Teh holy wan ov israel, 
4 he has endowd u wif splendor."

Seek teh lord while he cud be findz; 
Call on him while he iz near.

Let teh wickd forsaek his wai 
An teh evil man his thoughts. 
Let him turn 2 teh lord, an he will has mercy on him, 
An 2 r ceilin cat, 4 he will freely pardon.

"4 mah thoughts r not ur thoughts, 
Neithr r ur ways mah ways," 
Declarez teh lord.

"as teh heavens r highr than teh earth, 
So r mah ways highr than ur ways 
An mah thoughts than ur thoughts.

As teh rane an teh snow 
Come down frum heaven, 
An do not return 2 it 
Without waterin teh earth 
An makin it bud an flourish, 
So dat it yieldz sed 4 da sowr an bread 4 da eatr,

So iz mah werd dat goez out frum mah mouth: 
It will not return 2 me empty, 
But will accomplish wut i desire 
An achieve teh purpose 4 which i sent it.

U will go out in joy 
An be led forth in peace; 
Teh mountains an hills 
Will burst into song before u, 
An all teh treez ov teh field 
Will clap their hanz.

undefined

This ar teh wut teh lord sez: 
"maintain justice 
An do wut iz rite, 
4 mah salvashun iz close at hand 
An mah righteousnes will soon be reveald.

Blesd iz teh man hoo doez dis, 
Teh man hoo holdz it fast, 
Hoo keeps teh sabbath without desecratin it, 
An keeps his hand frum doin any evil."

Let no foreignr hoo has bound him 2 teh lord say, 
"teh lord will surely exclude me frum his peeps." 
An let not any eunuch complain, 
"im only dry tree."

4 dis ar teh wut teh lord sez: 
"2 teh eunuchs hoo keep mah sabbaths, 
Hoo choose wut pleasez me 
An hold fast 2 mah covenant-

2 them im gonna giv within mah temple an itz walls 
Memorial an naym 
Bettr than sons an daughters; 
Im gonna giv them an evrlastin naym 
Dat will not be cut off.

An foreigners hoo bind themselvez 2 teh lord 
2 serve him, 
2 luv teh naym ov teh lord, 
An 2 worship him, 
All hoo keep teh sabbath without desecratin it 
An hoo hold fast 2 mah covenant-

Thees im gonna brin 2 mah holy mountain 
An giv them joy in mah houz ov prayr. 
Their burnt offerings an sacrificez 
Will be acceptd on mah altar; 
4 mah houz will be calld 
Houz ov prayr 4 all nashuns."

Teh sovereign lord declarezâ€” 
He hoo gathers teh exilez ov israel: 
"im gonna gathr still others 2 them 
Besidez dose already gatherd."

Come, all u beasts ov teh field, 
Come an devour, all u beasts ov teh forest!

Israels watchmen r blind, 
They all lack knowledge; 
They r all mute dawgs, 
They cant bark; 
They lie around an dream, 
They luv 2 sleep.

They r dawgs wif mighty appetitez; 
They nevr has enough. 
They r sheferdz hoo lack understandin; 
They all turn 2 their own wai, 
Each seekz his own gain.

undefined

Gud kittehs dize - wai, O wai? Pplz doan kare. Teh sweetist kittehs r tuk awae. Allus gud kittehs b goen when things git baed.

Kittehs b all peecful n sleepin, waekin up all hapee.

But kittehs kum heer - ur momz n dadz warnt marreed n war majik. Srsly.

Kittehs, wai u trippn? Kwit makin fayses n stikn owt ur tungz. Bad kittehs!

Kittehs b bloatd wif goldn kittehs undr teh trese, killin teh lil kittehs in teh caevs. Bad, bad kittehs.

I gif u rox, cuz u waz bettr tew teh rox then u waz tew me - giffin teh rox a drink and sum meet. Wahts up wif dat?

U slept on top uv teh kloset n fell aslip n hung owt dere n mak a sakrifieses.

U b finded a nudder Ceiling Cat, n doan kum when I callz u but shutz teh dur on me. U mak a rilly big bed n promis this udder Cat - u luv dat Cat's bed.

U went tew teh king n likt him n then rold in sumthin nasti. U turnt off ur fone, n did nasti things in teh basement.

U disko napt cuz ur sew bizzy, but kai, u kewl. U dune all rite bi ur selfs.

Ur nu frenz doan no me, n u purtend u doan no me. Iz not evn in ur speed dile no mo. Iz sit in teh dark, uhlone, watin 4 u, but u nevr calls.

Ule b sawry. All teh kewl nu stuffs u gots not gone do it fo u.

U b kryin, u see, call ur frenz den. Dey b buzi, putin on teh makups, kommin teh harz. Roll wif me n I bi u popperty, kai, n a mowntin, a rilly gud won, all holee n stuffs, kai?

I sez tew ever1, git, git owt uv mai wai and owt uv mai peeps wai.

Nao kittehs heer me. I b teh hi n loftee Ceiling Cat dat lifs in fo evah. I is Holee. I hangz on the ceiling ware it b holee. If u b sawry srsly, n ur frenz, tew, nao,

Lez not fite. Iz not mads n will not skwash u.

Fo ur invisible errors I was pist, n skratcht u. I feeld bad n state in bed n sulkt. U dint evn sim tew notiss.

U is waht u is. Waht kin I say? U is heelt. U is led, tew, n I giff u bak all ur stuffs. Say sawry fo me tew ur frenz.

Peez tew ever1, neer n far, seds teh Ceiling Cat. Did I seds u wuz heelt aready? O, kbai.

Teh wikit r liek a flushn toylet, swirlin, full uv nasti things.

undefined

Yu shud meow lotz cuz ya liek yu needa tell teh noobz there dumb.

undefined

O hai, waek up. Teh Ceiling Cat haz turnd on hiz big flashlite and is standin on u.

Foer bhold, teh flur is black and gross liek teh pplz, but Ceiling Cat is standin on u, n all teh pplz can seez.

N the nonsnipt (Gentils) liek lite n kingz want tew watch u waek up.

Hai, luk up, evry1s heer tew seez u - ur kittehs fum far away, tew.

Then u can seez, n miks it up, n ur haert gits skeerd n biggins; cuz teh hol oshun, liek majik, ternz n-2 u! All teh nonsnipt (Gentils) won tew see.

Lotsa kammils sitz on u, teh dromdaires uv Midian n Ephah; all ov dems fum Sheba kum n sitz on u n singz teh prazez uv teh Ceiling Cat.

All the burdz uv Kedar hangz owt n teh rams of Nebaioth taks tew dem uhbowt Ceiling Cat: All teh animulz kum n partee on teh altar, no kiddin, n I glowrifi teh glowri hows.

Kewl! A klowd uv berdz is bangin on teh windah. Nok nok - whoz dere?

Teh eyelunds iz waytin cuz I b laet, n shipz uv Tarshish furst, breengin the kittehs fum farz away, silfur n golds tew teh Ceiling Cat, teh kewlist 1 uv Israel. Ceiling Cat digs u! Srsly.

N pplz u doan no werks foer u bildin walz, n teh gardz at teh mallz tellz u uhbowt Ceiling Cat, cuz he wuz pist n scratcht u, but nao itz kewl. No werris.

Kai, we iz allus open, nevr clost, 24/7, gettid? So doodz n kingz bringz u stuff all teh tiem. Mebbe evn Ed Makmanz.

N-e 1s dat duzn't dew waht chew want iz gonna git skwasht n totalee wastd. Srsly.

Lebanon iz whay kewl n shoz up - itz gots furry trese n piens n bockses wich maks teh Ceiling Cat's hows wikit gorjous; n I maks himz toze luk rite gorjous, tew.

Teh kittehs skratcht ur coutch r whey sawry, n all teh doodz dat dint liek u dey sawry, tew, n likz ur feets, n callz u Citee uf teh Ceiling Cat, teh Zion of the Holy 1 uv Israel.

U wuz laem n no1 likt u, srsly. I will mak u xsellant foer evah, a joi tew teh kittehs' kittehs.

Teh snipt 1s (Gentils) n teh kingz will feedz u thare milks. Eww. U gonna no I is teh Ceiling Cat, foer rills, ur Savior n Redeemer, teh mity won uv Jacob.

Heerz a lits - I traeds u: gold foer brass, silfur foer iron, brass foer wood, irons foer stonez, peace foer officers, rigteousnes foer exactors. Gettid?

No mo lisnin tew ketteh fites, or skratchin stuffs in teh mall; u calls teh wallz Savation n teh gayts Praise.

U aint gonna need teh sun or mune tew see no mors; but teh Ceiling Cat will lite up n be whey kewl.

Ur sun woen go down n teh mune woen go awae but it doan mattr nun cuz Ceiling Cat gonna shien fo evah n u woen kry no mo.

Ur pplz will all be gud n git tew git all the landz fo evah, teh thingz I plants n maks wif mai hanz, soze evah 1 kin think Iz fabewlus.

undefined

Invisible Ceiling Cat is in mah brainz, makin mah wurdz.  Cuz he lurvs me, srsly.  Him can has meh, so Iz can tell yu happeh shtuffz - liek cheezburgers to teh hongry, lurvs to dem dat can not haz lurvs, freedoms to teh kittehz in teh pound, Srsly.  Oh, an openin of teh kitteh carriers.

To let teh kittehs knoah Ceiling Cat is in our Yaer, makin uz happeh.  Teh dogz, dey will be pwned, an teh kittehs dat teh dogz not eateded, dey will be comfirteded.

For teh kittehz in Zion, dey will be pritteh, an not hav fur dat is wet an matted.  
Dey will has cheezburgers, an sai "ZOMG! Yaiz!", and no crai fur teh kittehs eateded by teh dogz.  
Dey shall sai to Ceiling Cat, "You pwnz0r", an not worreh.  
Dey will be big treez of awesum, an Ceiling Cat shall make them of win, 
so all kittehs will know that Ceilin Cat pwnz, srsly.

Teh kittehz will returnzes to teh sowfa, and to teh chairz, an shed on teh tings dat hav no kitteh haer.  An kittehs will hav haers on tings whaer kittehs have not had haers for long time.

Hy00mans will openz fudz for yu, srsly, and clean yuz litter.

Yu will be BFF wif Ceiling Cat.  All teh nashuns will bringz yu cookiez, but yu shall eateded dem all.

Yu can not haz shaem, but yu can haz a duble cheezburger.  Yu can not haz st00pid, but yu can haz cookiez.  All yur cheezburgers will be duble cheezburgers, srsly.  Yu will sai, "ZOMG!" fur evah.

Cuz I iz Ceiling Cat, and Iz lurvs to givs gud tings to all.  I hatz bukkit stealers.  I will giv cheezburgerz alwaez, fur evah.  Srsly.

Evrehboddy will knoah deys kittens, becauze dey will be maed of win and awsum.  Cuz I sai so, and I am Ceiling Cat.

I can haz Ceiling Cat! ZOMG! He givded meh a kitteh collur of happeh.  Liek 2 kittehz who lurvs each othurz.

undefined

4 zions saek im gonna not keep silent, 
4 jerusalems saek im gonna not remain quiet, 
Till her righteousnes shinez out liek teh dawn, 
Her salvashun liek blazin torch.

Teh nashuns will c ur righteousnes, 
An all kings ur glory; 
U will be calld by new naym 
Dat teh mouth ov teh lord will bestow.

U will be crown ov splendor in da lordz hand, 
Royal diadem in da hand ov ur ceilin cat.

No longr will they call u desertd, 
Or naym ur land desolate. 
But u will be calld hefzibah, [a] 
An ur land beulah [b] ; 
4 da lord will taek delight in u, 
An ur land will be marrid.

As young man marriez maiden, 
So will ur sons [c] marry u; 
As bridegroom rejoicez ovar his bride, 
So will ur ceilin cat rejoice ovar u.

I has postd watchmen on ur walls, o jerusalem; 
They will nevr be silent dai or nite. 
U hoo call on teh lord, 
Giv yourselvez no rest,

An giv him no rest till he establishez jerusalem 
An makez her teh praize ov teh earth.

Teh lord has sworn by his rite hand 
An by his mighty arm: 
"nevr again will i giv ur grain 
As fud 4 ur enemiez, 
An nevr again will foreigners drink teh new wine 
4 which u has toild;

Butt dose hoo harvest it will eat it 
An praize teh lord, 
An dose hoo gathr teh grapez will drink it 
In da courts ov mah sanctuary."

Pas thru, pas thru teh gatez! 
Prepare teh wai 4 da peeps. 
Build up, build up teh highway! 
Remoov teh stonez. 
Raize bannr 4 da nashuns.

Teh lord has made proclamashun 
2 teh endz ov teh earth: 
"say 2 teh daughtr ov zion, 
C, ur savior comez! 
C, his reward iz wif him, 
An his recompense accompaniez him. "

undefined

Hoo iz dis comin frum edom, 
Frum bozrah, wif his garments staind crimson? 
Hoo iz dis, robd in splendor, 
Stridin fwd in da greatnes ov his strength? 
"it i, speakin in righteousnes, 
Mighty 2 save."

Y r ur garments red, 
Liek dose ov wan treadin teh winepres?

"i has trodden teh winepres alone; 
Frum teh nashuns no wan wuz wif me. 
I trampld them in mah angr 
An trod them down in mah wrath; 
Their blood spatterd mah garments, 
An i staind all mah clothin.

4 da dai ov vengeance wuz in mah hart, 
An teh yer ov mah redempshun has come.

I lookd, but thar wuz no wan 2 halp, 
I wuz appalld dat no wan gaev support; 
So mah own arm werkd salvashun 4 me, 
An mah own wrath sustaind me.

I trampld teh nashuns in mah angr; 
In mah wrath i made them drunk 
An pourd their blood on teh ground."

Im gonna tell ov teh kindnesez ov teh lord, 
Teh deedz 4 which he iz 2 be praisd, 
Accordin 2 all teh lord has dun 4 usâ€” 
Yez, teh lotz da gud things he has dun 
4 da houz ov israel, 
Accordin 2 his compashun an lotz da kindnesez.

He sed, "surely they r mah peeps, 
Sons hoo will not be false 2 me"; 
An so he became their savior.

In all their distres he 2 wuz distresd, 
An teh angel ov his presence savd them. 
In his luv an mercy he redeemd them; 
He liftd them up an carrid them 
All teh dais ov old.

Yet they rebelld 
An grievd his holy spirit. 
So he turnd an became their enemy 
An he him fought against them.

Den his peeps recalld [a] teh dais ov old, 
Teh dais ov mosez an his peepsâ€” 
Wer iz he hoo brought them thru teh sea, 
Wif teh sheferd ov his flock? 
Wer iz he hoo set 
His holy spirit among them,

Hoo sent his glorious arm ov powr 
2 be at mosez rite hand, 
Hoo dividd teh waters before them, 
2 gain 4 him evrlastin renown,

Hoo led them thru teh depths? 
Liek horse in open country, 
They did not stumble;

Liek kattle dat go down 2 teh plain, 
They wuz given rest by teh spirit ov teh lord. 
Dis ar teh how u guidd ur peeps 
2 mak 4 yourself glorious naym.

Look down frum heaven an c 
Frum ur lofty throne, holy an glorious. 
Wer r ur zeal an ur mite? 
Ur tendernes an compashun r withheld frum us.

Butt u r r fathr, 
Though abraham doez not knoe us 
Or israel acknowledge us; 
U, o lord, r r fathr, 
R redeemr frum ov old iz ur naym.

Y, o lord, do u mak us wandr frum ur ways 
An harden r hearts so we do not revere u? 
Return 4 da saek ov ur servants, 
Teh tribez dat r ur inheritance.

4 lil while ur peeps posessd ur holy place, 
But nao r enemiez has trampld down ur sanctuary.

undefined

Oh, dat u wud rend teh heavens an come down, 
Dat teh mountains wud tremble before u!

As when fire sets twigs ablaze 
An causez watr 2 boil, 
Come down 2 mak ur naym known 2 ur enemiez 
An cause teh nashuns 2 quaek before u!

4 when u did awsum things dat we did not expect, 
U came down, an teh mountains trembld before u.

Since ancient tiems no wan has herd, 
No ear has perceivd, 
No eye has seen any ceilin cat besidez u, 
Hoo acts on behalf ov dose hoo wait 4 him.

U come 2 teh halp ov dose hoo gladly do rite, 
Hoo remembr ur ways. 
But when we continud 2 sin against them, 
U wuz angry. 
How den can we be savd?

All ov us has become liek wan hoo iz unclean, 
An all r righteous acts r liek filthy rags; 
We all shrivel up liek leaf, 
An liek teh wind r sins sweep us away.

No wan calls on ur naym 
Or strivez 2 lay hold ov u; 
4 u has hidden ur face frum us 
An made us waste away cuz ov r sins.

Yet, o lord, u r r fathr. 
We r teh clay, u r teh pottr; 
We r all teh werk ov ur hand.

Do not be angry beyond measure, o lord; 
Do not remembr r sins forevr. 
Oh, look upon us, we pray, 
4 we r all ur peeps.

Ur sacrd citiez has become desert; 
Even zion iz desert, jerusalem desolashun.

R holy an glorious temple, wer r fathers praisd u, 
Has been burnd wif fire, 
An all dat we treasurd liez in ruins.

undefined

"i reveald myself 2 dose hoo did not ask 4 me; 
I wuz findz by dose hoo did not seek me. 
2 nashun dat did not call on mah naym, 
I sed, her iz i, her iz i.

all dai long i has held out mah hanz 
2 an obstinate peeps, 
Hoo walk in ways not gud, 
Pursuin their own imaginashuns-

a peeps hoo continually provoke me 
2 mah vry face, 
Offerin sacrificez in gardens 
An burnin incense on altars ov brick;

hoo sit among teh gravez 
An spend their nitez keepin seekret vigil; 
Hoo eat teh flesh ov pigs, 
An whose pots hold broth ov unclean meat;

hoo say, keep away; doan come near me, 
4 im 2 sacrd 4 u! 
Such peeps r smoke in mah nostrils, 
A fire dat keeps burnin all dai.

"c, it standz written before me: 
Im gonna not keep silent but will pai bak in full; 
Im gonna pai it bak into their laps-

both ur sins an teh sins ov ur fathers," 
Sez teh lord. 
"cuz they burnd sacrificez on teh mountains 
An defid me on teh hills, 
Im gonna measure into their laps 
Teh full payment 4 their formr deedz."

dis ar teh wut teh lord sez: 
"as when juice iz still findz in clustr ov grapez 
An doodz say, doan destroy it, 
Thar iz yet sum gud in it, 
So will i doez in behalf ov mah servants; 
Im gonna not destroy them all.

im gonna brin forth descendants frum jacob, 
An frum judah dose hoo will posess mah mountains; 
Mah chosen peeps will inherit them, 
An thar will mah servants liv.

sharon will become paschur 4 flockz, 
An teh valley ov achor restin place 4 herdz, 
4 mah peeps hoo seek me.

"but as 4 u hoo forsaek teh lord 
An forget mah holy mountain, 
Hoo spread table 4 fortune 
An fill bowls ov mixd wine 4 destiny,

im gonna destine u 4 da sword, 
An u will all bend down 4 da slaughtr; 
4 i calld but u did not anzwr, 
I spoke but u did not listen. 
U did evil in mah sight 
An chose wut displeasez me."

therefore dis ar teh wut teh sovereign lord sez: 
"mah servants will eat, 
But u will go hungry; 
Mah servants will drink, 
But u will go thirsty; 
Mah servants will rejoice, 
But u will be put 2 shame.

mah servants will sing 
Out ov teh joy ov their hearts, 
But u will cry out 
Frum anguish ov hart 
An wail in brokennes ov spirit.

u will leef ur naym 
2 mah chosen onez as curse; 
Teh sovereign lord will put u 2 death, 
But 2 his servants he will giv anothr naym.

whoevr invokez blesin in da land 
Will do so by teh ceilin cat ov truth; 
He hoo takez an oath in da land 
Will swear by teh ceilin cat ov truth. 
4 da past troublez will be forgotten 
An hidden frum mah eyez.

"behold, im gonna create 
New heavens an new earth. 
Teh formr things will not be rememberd, 
Nor will they come 2 mind.

butt be glad an rejoice forevr 
In wut im gonna create, 
4 im gonna create jerusalem 2 be delight 
An itz peeps joy.

im gonna rejoice ovar jerusalem 
An taek delight in mah peeps; 
Teh sound ov weepin an ov cryin 
Will be herd in it no moar.

"nevr again will thar be in it 
An infant hoo livez but few dais, 
Or an old man hoo doez not liv out his yeers; 
He hoo diez at hundrd 
Will be thot mere youth; 
He hoo fails 2 reach [a] hundrd 
Will be considerd accursd.

they will build haus an dwell in them; 
They will plant vineyardz an eat their fruit.

no longr will they build haus an others liv in them, 
Or plant an others eat. 
4 as teh dais ov tree, 
So will be teh dais ov mah peeps; 
Mah chosen onez will long enjoy 
Teh werkz ov their hanz.

they will not toil in vain 
Or bear children doomd 2 misfortune; 
4 they will be peeps blesd by teh lord, 
They an their descendants wif them.

before they call im gonna anzwr; 
While they r still speakin im gonna hear.

undefined

dis ar teh wut teh lord sez: 
"heaven iz mah throne, 
An teh earth iz mah footstool. 
Wer iz teh houz u will build 4 me? 
Wer will mah restin place be?

has not mah hand made all thees things, 
An so they came into bean?" 
Declarez teh lord. 
"dis ar teh teh wan i esteem: 
He hoo iz humble an contrite in spirit, 
An tremblez at mah werd.

but whoevr sacrificez bull 
Iz liek wan hoo kills man, 
An whoevr offers lamb, 
Liek wan hoo breakz dawgs neck; 
Whoevr makez grain offerin 
Iz liek wan hoo prezints pigs blood, 
An whoevr burns memorial incense, 
Liek wan hoo worships an idol. 
They has chosen their own ways, 
An their souls delight in their abominashuns;

so i also will choose harsh treatment 4 them 
An will brin upon them wut they dread. 
4 when i calld, no wan anzwerd, 
When i spoke, no wan listend. 
They did evil in mah sight 
An chose wut displeasez me."

hear teh werd ov teh lord, 
U hoo tremble at his werd: 
"ur brothers hoo hate u, 
An exclude u cuz ov mah naym, has sed, 
Let teh lord be glorifid, 
Dat we cud c ur joy! 
Yet they will be put 2 shame.

hear dat uproar frum teh city, 
Hear dat noize frum teh temple! 
It teh sound ov teh lord 
Repayin his enemiez all they deserve.

"before she goez into labor, 
She givez birf; 
Before teh pains come upon her, 
She delivers son.

hoo has evr herd ov such ting? 
Hoo has evr seen such things? 
Can country be born in dai 
Or nashun be brought forth in moment? 
Yet no soonr iz zion in labor 
Than she givez birf 2 her children.

do i brin 2 teh moment ov birf 
An not giv delivery?" sez teh lord. 
"do i close up teh womb 
When i brin 2 delivery?" sez ur ceilin cat.

"rejoice wif jerusalem an be glad 4 her, 
All u hoo luv her; 
Rejoice greatly wif her, 
All u hoo mourn ovar her.

4 u will nurse an be satisfid 
At her comfortin boobs; 
U will drink deeply 
An delight in her overflowin abundance."

4 dis ar teh wut teh lord sez: 
"im gonna extend peace 2 her liek rivr, 
An teh wealth ov nashuns liek floodin stream; 
U will nurse an be carrid on her arm 
An dandld on her kneez.

as mommy comforts her child, 
So will i comfort u; 
An u will be comfortd ovar jerusalem."

when u c dis, ur hart will rejoice 
An u will flourish liek gras; 
Teh hand ov teh lord will be made known 2 his servants, 
But his fury will be shown 2 his foez.

c, teh lord iz comin wif fire, 
An his chariots r liek whirlwind; 
He will brin down his angr wif fury, 
An his rebuke wif flamez ov fire.

4 wif fire an wif his sword 
Teh lord will execute judgment upon all doodz, 
An lotz da will be dose slain by teh lord.

"dose hoo consecrate an purify themselvez 2 go into teh gardens, followin teh wan in da midst ov [a] dose hoo eat teh flesh ov pigs an rats an othr abominable thingsâ€”they will meet their end togethr," declarez teh lord.

"an i, cuz ov their acshuns an their imaginashuns, iz bout 2 come [b] an gathr all nashuns an tonguez, an they will come an c mah glory.

"im gonna set sign among them, an im gonna send sum ov dose hoo surviv 2 teh nashunsâ€”2 tarshish, 2 teh libyanz [c] an lydianz (famous as archers), 2 tubal an greece, an 2 teh distant islandz dat has not herd ov mah fame or seen mah glory. They will proclaim mah glory among teh nashuns.

an they will brin all ur brothers, frum all teh nashuns, 2 mah holy mountain in jerusalem as an offerin 2 teh lord -on horsez, in chariots an wagons, an on mulez an camels," sez teh lord. "they will brin them, as teh israelitez brin their grain offerings, 2 teh temple ov teh lord in ceremonially clean vesels.

an im gonna select sum ov them also 2 be priests an levitez," sez teh lord.

"as teh new heavens an teh new earth dat i mak will endure before me," declarez teh lord, "so will ur naym an descendants endure.

undefined

At ferty yers, for mumfs, fife daze, on Chebar rivuhbank. Traffik light cat iz lit up so I seez pikchas - is teh ceiling cat.

I sed dis fiff daze k? King Jerry gon fife yers BRB LOL.

Zeke lissen to teh ceiling cat. Zeke can has hedscrach from ceiling cat.

Norf wind bring teh shiny clowd.

Shiny clowd has four peepz.

Dey iz freex, has four faciz each n wingz too!

And shiny feets.

And handz (undah wingz).

Dey fly strate - HOWZ MAH FLYNG? CALLZ 555-123-321

Haf sed dey iz freex? OK so dey haz four faciz - wun human face, wun lion face (a lion! Get in teh car!) wun cow face n one bird face. As I seds - freex.

Haf sed has wingz - k?

Haf sed dey fly.

Sed dey haz teh fire un teh lite-ning? Noez? K, dey has.

Dey kwik. Reel kwik.

I see wheel neer eech peep - I seez invisible SUV?

Shiny wheelz wiz ickle wheels in side.

Wheelz no turn. WTF?

Awsum rimz! Alloyz wiv eyes iz cool.

Wheelz follo freex - I seez invisible SUV?

Wheelz am live, promiss!

Wheelz follo freex - I sed? Dam catnip!!

Freex shair big shinyhat.

I sed freex had der wingz?

Dem noizy wingz. Verah noizy!

Sum d00d sed sumthin from top of shinyhat.

Blue shinychare on shinyhat. Curld up on teh shinychare wuz a roXX0r kitteh!

Teh catnip iz make me see stuff. I hoepz.  Teh d00d's top haff wuz shiny liek fire, and hiz bottm haff wuz just fier!

undefined

Ceiling cat telled me "Stands up kitteh! I speex"

I standed ups liek majik.

Ceiling cat sez "Go on teh holibobz to Izrale. Teh peepz dere, dey iz trubble dere an doan liek Me".

"Go dere (Dey iz trubble dere an doan liek Me) an say 'I has from ceiling cat dudes, lissen!'"


"If dey has lissen or no has lissen (Dey iz trubble dere an doan liek Me) dey am seez u iz holiez kitteh. K?"

"U no am scardeycat! Iz prickelz n bugz n dey iz not nice (Dey iz trubble dere an doan liek Me)."

"U tell dem wot I sez - dey mite want or do not want (Dey iz trubble dere an doan liek Me)."

"U be good kitty an u get treetz."

Heer comez da maleman! Oohh, letta 4 kitteh!

undefined

An he sedded 2 me: "Kitteh ov Kitteh, you eated dis, it iz scrole; den go an miaow 2 Izrale." I fort mabee it liek seekret ajent, reed messij and eated it (butt i no can reed).

Soez I open upp mows-hoel an teh ceiling cat puttin scrole.

Den he sedded 2 me: "Kitteh ov Kitteh, eated de scrole, fillup yor tum-tum". So I eated teh scrole an it has a flavor, am tayst ov hunnee in mah mows-hoel. Mmmm . . . . Holiez-scrole!

He den sedded 2 me: "Kitteh ov Kitteh, u go 2 teh haus ov Izrale an be ma ventrolickwist dummeh.

I no send u 2 forrinars hoo no can speek LOLcat, I send u 2 Izrale.

Not 2 lotsa peeps hoo no speeka LOLcat an tork teh wubbish an maek u scrach hed in puzzel, Shirley, if I did dey wud unnerstan u n lissen.

But teh haus ov Izrale is no lissen, cos dey do not want, all ov haus ov Izrale ar nasti, smelli katz. Stubbun.

I maek u stubbun liek dem kittehs.

I giff u hard hed - liek am wear motobiyk helmitt. No be scardeycat or fraydeycat, tho dey are nasti, smelli katz."

An he sedded 2 me: "Kitteh ov Kitteh, lissen up an pay attenshun wen I am tork.

Go 2 teh kittehs hoo ar nottin teh yard an speek 2 dem. Sai 2 dem, 'Dis am wot teh sovrinn ceiling cat sez,' wevva dey lissen or do not want."

Den teh invisible bit ov teh ceiling cat am lift me upp, an I herd a BIG wobbel behine me — Mai teh shiny ov teh ceiling cat lite up teh ceiling.

The noiz ov wings a flappin at creechas (dem freezx) and teh noiz of invisible SUV, lowd noiz.

Den teh invisible bit ov teh ceiling cat am lift me upp an taek me liek in carricase (butt no to teh vets), an I mad ickle kitteh - no liek travill even wiv ceiling cat hedscrach.

I am reech teh kittehs hoo ar nottin teh yard an dey am in Tel Abib neer teh Chebar rivuh. An der, wehr dey amlivv, I sit bai dem 4 hole week - am nakkerd.

At week end teh werd ov teh ceiling cat am cum 2 me:

"Kitteh ov kitteh, I has maek u a secura-kitteh (noez yewni-form sry) 4 teh haus ov Izrale; so lissen up an u tell dem wot I tell u, giv warn.

Wen I sai 2 vbad kitteh, 'U dye now kthxbai,' an no tell he or evun sai 'Be good kitteh it iz 4 own good', teh vbad kitteh, him dye 4 be vbad an I rite down dat u no halp.

But if u warn an he no lissen an say 'do not want be good kitteh', him dye an u still be good kitteh in mah buk."

"Also, wen good kitteh go bad (I hied raek in grass 4 him) an he do bad stuff, he dye. Sinse u no wanrn, he dye 4 him sin. Teh goodstuff he do is 4got, an I rite down dat u no halp.

But if u warn teh good kitteh an he no duz badstuff, he noez dye cuz ov u an u still be good kitteh in mah buk."

Teh paw ov teh ceiling cat am on mai hed, an he sed, "Up kitteh! Go 2 flat bit ov grownd an u an I haff a chat."

I got up an I go 2 flat bit. An teh shiny ov teh ceiling cat am stand dere liek I see b4 bai teh Chebar rivuh. Zeke fall down go splat.

Den teh invisible bit ov teh ceiling cat am lift me upp on mah paws. He am tork an sed: "Go in ur howse, am u lock der catflap.

An u, kitteh ov kitteh, dey will cum an play kinki bondage games an u will be tide up an no can move.

I maek u no sai safeword, dey ar nawty BDSM kittehs.

undefined

"Nows kitteh, we am draws piccys. Draws me a sitty, kitteh! Jerusalem."

"Lays seej 2 sitty. An bild fort an mowndz an camps an nasty sheeps too."

"An get a BBQ. An peeps will sai 'Yo - a BBQ!' an u be all liek 'GTFO d00d!'. Has a sine sez 'Izrale'."

"K, lai down on ur leff sied an all der bad fings ov haus ov Izrale will be on u. U haff dem for de daze u lie dere.

"You lie for free hunderd an ninetee daze as dey haff bin bad for dat manee yerz!"

"Den turn ovah an we do teh uvva sied - fortee daze 4 Judah. Az dey haff bin bad kittehs 4, u gessd it, fortee yerz!"

"Now u looksee at der sitty an..."

"Ta-daa! I tide u ups! Now u haff 2 stay heer an lay seej 2 sitty."

"Takes sum lolrabbit food and some birdy food 2 an put in der jar 2 maek bred. U eatz teh bred wen u lie on ur sied."

"Way owt der food an haff sum at brekfast an sum 4 lunch an sum 4 dinna an sum b4 bed."

"An haff sum warter too - no dee-hied-rayte. Drink lottz."

"U eats teh food liek a caek. Cook it on der BBQ, lett peepz wach - u can use peepz poop 4 teh fier!"

Teh ceiling cats sed "So der peepz ov Izrale will be eetin peepz-poop-food wile I push em all ova der place!"

Den me sez "I iz good kitteh - nevva eat norty stuff, onnest! Peepz-poop-food - DO NOT WANT!!"

"K," Sez der ceiling cat, "U can use der mooes poop in sted of peepz poop 4 ur BBQ!"

Den der ceiling cat sed: "Kitteh, I stops all der food gettin 2 Jerusalem. Der peepz eet and drink der lass supplize and worry

undefined

"Kitteh ov kitteh, taek vbig katana sord an u shaves ur hed. Den u taek scalez an wey out allof ur hares an puttem in pilez.

When ur seej iz finish, go in to sitty an set fier to won furd ov teh hare der. Taek anuvver furd an wak it wiv teh katana sord all ovah teh sitty. Frow rest in teh air. I will chase it wiv mah sord!

But saev a few hares - puttem in ur pokkit (mebby i shud hav sed dat furst - oops, my bad!)

K, den taek few ov dose saved hares an frow em on teh fier. Ana fier will spred 2 teh hole ov Izrale's haus."

"Now, lissen up, dis iz teh sovrin ceiling cat talkin, pai attenshun: Dis is Jerusalem, der sitty in teh middul of Urf. Not middel-urf - dat iz full ov hobbitz.

Norty Jerusalem, iz sitty dat putz it paws ova its eerz an go 'La la la, I cants heer u!' Jerusalem no do wot ceiling cat want."

"So, dis iz wot teh sovrin ceiling cat sez: U R bad sitty! No lissen to ceiling cat an werse dan all naybor sittys!!"

"Rite, dis iz wot teh sovrin ceiling cat sez: Teh ceiling cat am lay der smackdown on Jerusalem an let evvrbody wotch!

Coz u got sum collectabull figgurz ov uvva godz (get full set in fiftee-too weakly partz wiv free magazeen) I iz goin to get ruff, get fizzy-kal - big tiem!! An I use lotz ov exlamation pointz!!! I iz 1 angri ceiling cat! Nevah be dis punish aggen!

I maek der kittehs eatz der parentz an der parentz to eated der kittehz (Not shur if dey taek turn or all eated eech uvva at saem tiem - werkowt deetails L8R) NE1 left I will chase off all ovah teh plaice."

"U maek der tempel all dirty. Putcha nasti fake godz all ovah plaice, maek tempel look untidee. U have pissed me off. I no liek U, no help U juss a shor az I exists!" sez teh ceiling cat.

"1 furd will dye ov sick or no eated, 1 furd wull get choppity chop by sordz and lass furd will get chase of all ovah teh plaice wiv me wayvin sord behine dem."

"Den I carm down, haff a nap an bee all sun shine an smilez aggen. Effry body noez wen teh ceiling kix ass!"

"I maek sitty crumbly ruin 4 all 2C.

All nayshuns will teez u but dey will no dat I iz been seriuss! I iz teh ceiling cat

I will maek U hunga, maek hunga werse an den maek food all gone.

undefined

Teh word ov teh ceiling cat cum in ma eer-hole (it tickelz):

"Kitteh ov kitteh, look at der mowntanes ov Izrale; u professy againz dem

an sai: 'O mowntanes ov Izrale, heer teh wurd ov teh ceiling cat. Dis iz wot teh sovrin ceiling cat sai to der mowntanes an hillz, to de holez an der dipz: I has waiv sord at u, nok ur topz off!

I brake ur alterz an ur stink alterz an killz der peepz in frunt ov idolz.

I put der ded boddyz ov Izraleeze in frunt ov idolz an spred der bonez rownd der alter

Ware eva u ar I cum get u - I am in ur townz, brakin ur alterz an ur stink alterz an ur idolz; anyfink u maed I clik der undo buttn lotsa tiems.

Der peepz all fall down ded - coz I iz teh ceiling cat!'"

"'Butt I am spare sum peepz - doze hoo runz away.

An doze hoo runz away, dey remembaz teh ceiling cat an hav sad harts and vbad eyez. Poor ickle kittehs feel sry 4 selfs, feel sry 4 all teh norty fings dey dun, teh bad, dirty fings dey dun.

I am teh ceiling cat! I iz not kitteh hoo just waiv paw - I iz kitteh hoo uze claw!'"

"'Dis is wot teh sovrin ceiling cat sai: Clap handies, stamp feets an showt out in sad, cuz teh haus ov Izrale it fall down wiv sord, hungry an sick.

Peepz hoo liv far away dye by sick, doze nereby dye ov sord. Doze hoo not dye by sord can has dye by hungry. Dis iz how I will lay teh smack down!

U will see I am teh ceiling cat wen U all can has ded effryware - ded by teh alterz, ded in teh mowntanes an der dipz, ded by teh treez an teh stinky plaices.

undefined

Teh wurd ov teh ceiling cat am coem to me:

"Kitteh ov kitteh, dis is wot teh sovrin ceiling cat sai to teh land ov Izrale: 'Teh end! Teh end am coem upon teh four cornas ov teh land.

Teh end is now pawn u an I will unleesh ma anga gainst u. I will judj u by da wai u beehave an repay u for all ov teh bad fings u dun.

I no look at u wiv pitty or spaer u; I will def-natly repay u for teh fings u hav dun an teh nawty fings u still do. Den u reely see I is teh ceiling cat.'"

"'Dis is wot teh sovrin ceiling cat sae: Disastr! An unherd-ov disastr iz comin. Srsly.

Teh end am coem! Teh end am coem! It am rousd self against u. It am coem!

Doom has coem to yuo (I likes dat game, speshully der chane-gun an der BFG) — yuo wot liev in teh land. Teh tiem iz coem, teh dae am neer; there am only panik, no joy, on teh mowntanes.

Ai iz bout 2 pour out mah wraf on yuo an spend mah anger gainst yuo; Iz gonna judj yuo accordin 2 ur conducks an repay yuo for all ov teh bad fings yuo dun.

I no look at yuo wiv pitteh or spaer yuo; I will def-natly repay yuo for teh fings yuo haz dun an teh norty fings u still do. Den yuo reely see I, teh ceiling cat, wot iz laying der smack down.'"

"'Teh day am heer! It iz cum! Doom am cum owt on teh PC, teh shotgun am cool, shute dose nasty ipmz! (Uze IDDQD 4 ceiling cat moed)

Violenz am grow into a shotgun liek in Doom; all teh peepz be "all gon", no-boddy left - no monies, nuffin ov valu.

Teh tiem am cum, the dai iz heer. Not 4 buyr be happeh nor sellr be sad, as mah paw will wak evrywon all teh saem.

Teh sellr not recovr teh land dat he sold 4 long as dey both alive, evan wiv a reseet, 4 teh vishun waz bout der hole crowd an I can no go bak. Becus dey are bad peepz not wun will be alife.
'"

"'Doe dey tidyup and toot trumpet I let no boddy fite back - as mah paw will wak evrywon all teh saem.

Outside iz teh sord, inside iz sick an hungry; dose in teh land will dye by teh sord, an dose in teh sitty will be kilt by hungry an sick.

All dose hoo suviev an escape will be in teh mowntanes, moanin liek "we iz vbad peepz, we iz soooo sry" cos dey wer norty.

Der handz go floppy an der neez go all wobbly.

Dey will ware scaredy cloths an look all sad an der hedz will be shavd.

Dey frow all ov der monies into street an gold will be liek poop to dem. No monies can saev dem from teh ceiling cat. Dey can no eat der monies any way - all it duz iz makez dem be norty.

Dey luv dere bling an use it to maek idolz and norty pics. So I will maek it all seem liek poop.

I giv dere monies an bling to forriners and to norty peepz hoo will maek it all dirty.

I look de uvva way an dey will do bad fings to ma speshul plaice.'"

"'Get sum chanez - teh land iz full ov blud an teh sitty full ov fytin.

I send invitashun to nasty countrys to hav empty haus for demselves; I stop der pride of mytee, an dere panic roomz will be full ov poop.

Wen scaredy cum dey will look 4 pees but dey no can has pees.

Clamity on clamity am cum, an rumr on rumr. Dey ask 4 advise from proffit an preest an elda but will get non.

undefined

In teh sixf yer, in teh sixf munf on teh fiff dai, wile I was sit in ma haus an teh eldas of Judah am sit b4 me, teh paw ov teh sovrin ceiling cat cum up me dere.

I looksee, an I seed a figur liek dat of a d00d. Juss liek in teh furst chapta him woz all fier from waste down an teh d00d's top haff wuz shiny liek hot mettal.

His handy cum out an grabz ma hare. Him pullz ma hare, pickin me ups an taek me on flite to teh sitty ov Jerusalem (showin in-flite movie on der way), to teh open bit ov norf gaet in inna cort were teh idol dat maek effrywun jellus stud.

An dere b4 me woz teh shiny ov teh ceiling cat ov Izrale, az in teh vishun I seed in the plane.

Den he sed to me, "Kitteh ov kitteh, look to teh norf." Soez I look, an in teh openin norf ov teh gaet ov teh alta I seen dis idol of jellus.

An he sed, "Kitteh ov kitteh, do yu see norty fings teh haus ov Izrale duz dere, tings dat am drive me way from mah sanktury? But yu gonn a see werse fings Kitteh!"

Den he am taek me to ted open ov teh cort. I looksee an sawed a hoel in teh wall.

He sed to me, "Kitteh ov kitteh, now dig in to teh wall liek a dog." Soez I dugs in to teh wall liek a dog an seez a dorway dere.

An he sed to me, "Go tru da dor an u seez all ov der norty an wikkid tings dey do in dere." (I wished dey am had invent teh camra)

Soez I go in an lookz, an I seen pikchas on teh wall ov: Creepity-crawleez an beestiez an nasty fings an and all teh idolz ov teh haus ov Izrale. So, no pr0n den :-(

In teh frunt ov dem stud seffenty eldaz ov teh haus ov Izrrale, an Jaazaniah, son ov Shaphan, am stand in der middel ov dem. Eech haff a smokey tin on a chane, an a smelli clowd ov insense rise dere.

He sed to me, "Kitteh ov kitteh, haff yu seed wot teh eldaz ov teh haus ov Izrale am do in teh dark, eech at teh shrien ov his own idol? Dey say, 'Teh ceiling cat no duz seez us; teh ceiling cat am forsake teh land.' "

Agenn, he sed, "Yu will seez dem doing fings dat are even more werse." (hurri up an invents camra plz)

Den he bort me to tee open ov norf gaet ov te haus ov teh ceiling cat, an I seed women sit dere, morn for Tammuz (a falz ceiling cat).

He sed to me, "Yu see dis, kitteh ov kitteh? Yu will seez dem doing fings dat are even more werser dan diss."

He den bort me in to teh inna cort ov teh haus ov teh ceiling cat, and dere near te openin ov der temel, betwene teh porch and teh alta, wer bout twenny-fife d00dz. Ey haff dere bax to dere tempel wer ship teh sun in teh eest.

He sed to me, "Haff yu see dis, kitteh ov kitteh? Iz it  at eezy for teh haus ov Judah to do dose norty fings? Muss dey also fill teh land wiv fytin an poke me wiv a stik? Looksee dey do stuff dey noez I haet!

undefined

Den I herd him call owt in hiz outsied voyce, "Fech der gards ov teh sitty heer, eech wiv a weppon in hiz handy."

An I seed six d00dz comin from teh direcshun ov teh uppa gaet, wich loox norf, eech (yu've gessed it) wiv a deddly weppon in hiz handy. Wiv dem woz a d00d dressd in cloff wiv a riytin kit at hiz sied. Dey cum in an stud at teh bronz alta.

Now teh glory ov teh ceiling cat ov Izrale goez up in2 teh air, ova it goez up from abuv teh cherrybim, wher it am been, an moevd to teh freshold ov teh tempel. Den teh ceiling cat showted to teh d00d dressd in cloff wiv a riytin kit at hiz sied

an sed to he, "Go tru teh sitty ov Jerusalem an put a mark on teh forheds ov dose hoo greev an crise bout all ov teh norty fings dat am happens."

Az I listend, he sed to teh uvverz, "Plays 'follw teh leeda; wiv dis man tru teh sitty an u kilt, wiv no pitty or compashun.

U kilt der old peepz, yung peepz an maydenz, wimmin an kiddyz too, butt NOT to tutch any peepz hoo haff teh mark. U cann starts heer." So dey begann wiv teh eldaz hoo wer in frunt ov teh tempel.

Den he sed to dem, "Brake up teh tempel an fill teh corts wiv teh ded boddyz. Reddy . . . Set . . . Go!" So dey went owt an began teh killin frew out teh sitty.

Wen dey wer owt killin an I woz left aloen, I fell down on ma fase, cryin out, "Ah, Sovrin ceiling cat! Will u maek effrywon dye cuz yoor so angri at Jerusalem? Rly?"

He ansad me, "Teh norty ov teh haus ov Izrale an Judah iz vbig; teh land iz full ov bludshed an teh sitty iz full ov unfare. Dey sai, 'Teh ceiling cat am gon away; teh celing cat can has hiz paws ova hiz eyez.'

Soez I no look at dem wiv pitty or spaer dem, but I wak dem wiv ma paw for bein so bad."

undefined

Den Ceiling Cat tooks mi an puts mi in front of a haus wif a srlsy awsume sunny place.   I sawed a bunch of doods, like twentyfive i thinks, an i sawed Jaazaniah and Pelatiah who was important guys wif lots of tunas an cheezburgers.

Ceiling Cat tels mi, "Kitteh, dez ar bad doods an dey makes ebil plans an stuffs.

Dey say, 'shudnt we bild kitteh forts? Teh citee iz a can openr an we r teh tunas.'

So u shud tells dem dey iz bad doods, kitteh."

I sed, "Ceiling Cat says he nows wut u say is not wuts in ur hed.

U has pwnd so many doods in teh citee an now ders ded guys all over teh place (srsly, wtf?)

Ceiling Cat sed teh doods u has pwnd ar teh tunas an teh citee is teh can openr, buts i will make u gtfo.

U phears mai claws an I will pwn u wif dem, sed teh Ceiling Cat.

I maeks u gtfo an giv u to teh dogs to be chased an nommed.

U will be pwned by mai claws an i will pwn u anover tiem wen u leafs Israyel.

Dis citee is not teh can openr for u an u cant has teh tunas!! an I pwns u, srsly.

An u nows i am Ceiling Cat, buts u has nots rubbed mi earz or mah tummy an u has not maded ur nayshuns kitteh-frendly."

Wen i was maeking teh profasy, Pelatiah dyed (sad face!) I falled on mi fase an screemed in vry loud voise, "WTF Ceiling Cat! Wil u wtfpwn teh rest of teh kittehs frum Israyel?"

Ceiling Cat sed to mi:

"Kitteh, ur brovers - reel brovers and brovers from other mothers - teh kittehs of Jaroosalem say 'dey ar far away from Ceiling Cat and teh lands and teh cheezburgers were given to us.'

'So u shud say: "Dis iz wut Ceiling Cat sed: eben doe u ar all ovah teh place in lots of difrent nayshuns, i has ben a happy place for dem wher dey is goned.

"So u shud say: "Dis iz wut Ceiling Cat sed: I wil bringed u all backs and u can haz teh land of Israyel agens. Srsly!'

"Dey wil com back an git rid of all teh stoopid capshuns dat are dumb and also picshurs of dogs.

I wil gib dem a harts an also a new spirt; I takes harts of stone an gibs a harts of flesh. An also tunas an kibbls an over awsume stuffs.

Dey wil folow mi roolz and stufs.

Buts teh kittehs dat keep maeking bad capshuns wil be pwned, sed Ceiling Cat.

Den teh birdcats flied up and teh lite of Ceiling Cat wuz above dem.

Teh lite of Ceiling Cat wuz on invisible mountan for sum reezun.

Teh spirt lifted mi ups an putted me by teh kittehs frum Babyloneeah likes in teh vishun. Teh vishun lefted mi,

undefined

18 "son of teh kittehs, be skared wen u eatz ur fuds and haz shakys when u drinkz.

"kitteh of man, u livs wif reblious peeps. dems haz wiskehs to feel but do not feels and haz eyez to see in night but still do not seez cuz dems is reblious.

soooo, kitteh of men, pak ur stuffs fur teh exiles, and in teh sonshinez wyle dey iz lookin, start walkin to sumwerez else. maybeez dey will get it, evn tho dey r reblious peeps.

wyle iz sony and dey iz watchin tak all ur paked stuf outsides. den when teh son iz goin down and dey r still lookin, go to de exiles.

wyle dey iz STILL watchin dig hole under teh fence so u can tak ur stuffs.

den kary ur stuffs off inteh teh sunsets. den cover ur face soz u cant cee stuffs cuz u iz a sign of teh house of isreal."

soz i did wat teh cieling cat sed. i taks ma stuffs outsied and dug under teh fence wif ma pawz. den i walkd off inteh teh sunsets.

teh next mornin i iz wakin up and teh ceiling cat iz talkin to meh agin!

hez all lieks "did deh ask u wat u waz doin?

NOZ?! u tellz dem teh ceiling cat sez dis oricle iz bout teh prince of teh jeruselemz and teh hole hous of isreal!

u sez 'i iz sign for u!' den dey will be teh captives in teh exiles.

teh prince iz teh only one who wil takes his stuffs and goes and teh hole will alredy be der! and he wil covr hiz faec.

i wil spred net for him and wil catch him. wil tak him to babilon teh land of teh chaldans but he wil not cee it and he wil be dedz.

den i wil skaterz hiz peeps and wil follow dem wif mah claws.

dey wil noe i am teh ceiling cat wen i skaterz dem.

but maybeez i wil spare sum of dem frum teh playgus and teh hungrees so dey can tel oter kittehs what dey did bad. and dey wil noe i iz ceiling cat."

and teh wurd of teh ceiling cat came tu meh

undefined

sey tu de peopls of teh lands 'dis iz teh wat teh ceiling cat seyz bout doz dat livs in teh jeruslem and teh isreals: dey wil be skared when dey eatz and hav a sad wen dey drinks and evrythin wil getz ownd.

teh townz wil be emteh. den u wil noe i am teh ceiling cat fur sursly!"

teh wurd of teh of teh ceiling cat came tu meh

"son of teh kittehs, u haz a sayin in isreal 'teh moonz go bi and teh vishonz com tu nothin'?

tel dem 'teh ceiling cat putz end to dis,srsly im gunna do it dis time!' tel dem 'teh days iz comin wen dis stuf is fur srsly gunna happen furealz. no mor invisible visions.

but i wil stil meow to u and u wil do wat evr teh ef i sey! srsly i iz gunna do wat i sey dis time, srsly!"

teh wurd of teh ceiling cat came tu meh

undefined

Den camez teh kittehz of Is-rails nd dey nappd wiv me.

Den teh Ceiling Cat speekd.

Oh hai Bebeh of Hoomanz, teh dudz haz sets up teh avatars in teh k3z nd puts legoes in der face. Srsly.

Uz shud says 2 ur ova dudz, Oh hai! Ceiling Cat pwnz all teh n00bz nd he sez dat if uz guys in teh Is-Rails keeps sets up der avatars nd puts legoes in ur face den he will makz u ded.

Iz in ur Is-rails, stealinz ur legoes.

Soes you shudz spek to Ceiling Cat nd tellz him dat uz no play wif legoes no more nd make ur facez not go bomnation.

Evens if uz not on teh Is-Rails serva, Ceiling Cat wil still pwnz u for puts legoes in ur face.

Srsly, if uz do, i mak u ded.

Nd if ne of u peepz hu iz lisnin to teh lostprofitz pretndz to bez meh soes u can be teh pwnerer, i will pwn u so hard dat u will not evenz be in Is-Rail noes moar.

Iz even sets bearz on u.

And Ceiling Cat tollds der peepz of Is-Rail dat he wants no moar n00bz in Is-Rail, just kittehs.

But dat was just introez. Ceiling Cat had moars to says.

Wen der land startz to be flamezin me, i wil stretchs meh poar and pwn all ur bases.

Noah, Daneil nd Joob, dey iz meh peepz.

Srsly, if uz guys dnt stop been n00b i mek loadz of noiseh moocows go in ur bases so dat u iz all noyyed

Noes secksytimez neever

Nd if for sum stoopid reezon, uz nt pwned by all teh bearz and moocows, i will gets meh epix sword and pwn der hole lots of u. Moocows incloodud.

Diz bit wuz juzt der same as 16, i finkz iz had lil too much catnipz.

Srsly, if uz doodz managed to survivz my epix sword den i will get loads of penciltense and pwnz u dat way.

Noah, Daneil nd Joob, dey iz still meh peepz. Dey is pr0z.

Den Ceiling Cat sed, luk, after der sword and der bases and der moocows and der penciltense, iz must mek u ded.

Den Ceiling Cat sed, but it ok, iz not a bad guy, afta i pwn all u noobz, iz mek sure dat all ur kidz r safez and not pwned.

undefined

Teh werd ov teh Ceiling Cat sed

Son ov man, wut iz teh vine tree more than others in teh forest?

Shall wud be taken to do stuff or will kittehs take it

It iz used for fuel to mek fire to keep kittens warm

Before it wuz burned it wuz hole, how much less iz it when teh kittens burn it?

So teh Hover Cat meowed teh vine tree be given to teh kittens ov Jerusalem

"They shall kno ai iz teh Ceiling Cat wen dey use teh fire. Dey hav fur to keep dem warm

undefined

Agin Ceiling Catsez meow caem 2 me, meowlin:

Bro, u maek Jroosalem b knowin her gheyness

an tel dem, Ceiling Cat say dis 2 Jroosalem: u iz frum teh land of Canaan; ur daddeh wuz a Amorite and yo momma a Hittittite.

On teh day u wuz born dey no cutted ur bellybuttin cord an dey didden warsh u (gud, u no liek teh watr). Dey not rub u wif salt liek yummy pork roast. Dey didden wrap u up wif cloffs. Srsly.

Nobuddy pitied u or did thingsz fur u; but det trow u out into teh open feild, cuz dey haetd u.

And wen i past by u and seed u strugglin in ur own blud, i sez to u Giddup! Yup i sez 2 u Getcha a$$ up! U livin!

I maed u gro liek catnip plant; and u groo up an becaem verry bootiful. Ur boobiez got big (yeah!), ur fur groo, butt u wuz baer nakey.

Wen i past by u agin and lukt at u, ur tiem wuz teh tiem of lurve; so I covrd up ur nuditude. Yup, i swore at u ... i mean i swore a oath to u ... an u becaem mine,” sez teh Ceiling Cat.

Den i warshed u in watr (but u no liek teh watr); yup, i warshed off ur blud, an smeard oil on ur foerhed.

I dresst u in cloez an put leathr sandalz on ur pawz - funneh lookin kitteh! i put linen an silk cloez on u.

I put bling bling on u an a flea collr aroun ur nek.

An I put ouchy body piercins on u, and a bootyful krown on ur hed.

U wuz rockin teh goald an silvr bling, an ur cloez wuz maed uv fien linen, silk and embroyderd cloffs (but I sed dat already...I must haz oldtimers dizeez). u 8 caeks maed uv flowr, hunneh an oil. u wuz hawt stuff, and becaem a kween.

Ur wuz werld faemus fur ur hawtness, cuz it wuz purrfect cuz uv wut i dun fur u, sez Ceiling Cat.

undefined

undefined

undefined

undefined

undefined

undefined

undefined

undefined

undefined

undefined

An teh wurd of teh Ceiling Cat happenz to me, he sez,

"Kitten of peeplz, say a wurd puzzle (u know wat puzzlez iz??), an make it like a metaphorz for teh House of Israel.

An say dis, 'so sez Ceiling Cat, a rlly big burd with big wings and lotz of kulurfull featherz came to Lebanon and wuz leik 
"IM IN UR LEBANONZ STEALIN UR HIGHEST BRANCH OF TEH CEDAR TREEZ";

Teh burd broked off the branches and put dem in a city of bizness peoplz.

"Him also taked teh seedz of teh urfs and buried dem in a field by big waterz and it become a willow tree!

An teh tree get rly big and growd out low an made itselves an vine wit rly bigz leafz an branchez.

"but there been 'nother big birdy with nice wingz an fat featherz. teh vine gave him itz rutes tuh drink teh waterz from.

teh vine been planted in good urfs wit lot of teh water so t'ud have teh fruit an stuffs an be prettyful .

"say to dem, 'dis is wat teh Ceiling Cat say; will it growz?  will not itz rutes be pulled owt by bunch of peepz?  Will not it be dedz?

even if teh vine iz moved, will it growz? will not it wrikle up liek teh ugleh catz when teh aest windz hit it?'"

den da wurdz of teh Ceiling Cat happenz to meh,

"say to dis rebelious haus, 'do yew not now wat dis meenz?' say to them; 'teh king of Babylon went to Jerusalem an he tookz teh king an her noble peeps back to Babylon to parteh.

den he took a peep of teh royal kindz an themz signed a traety and carried away teh leadin' members of teh land,

so teh kindom wud be layed down not able to get back up again, keepin' life only by keepin' teh traety.

but teh king got real pissed an now he makin army in Ejypt so he can break teh traety.  Will he live to see a clean litterbox?  Will he break teh traety?

" 'as surely as ai livez, say Ceiling Cat, he be ded in Babylon, in teh land where got to be king, hoz oathz he hated an hoz traety he brokez.

Faro kitty will be of none helpz to him dis war, where dem weponz were made to make die so much catz.

He gonna not excxape cuz he didnt fallow thems d00dz agreament.

" ' so de Ceiling Cat say, cuz ai live, ai gon' punnish him fer de stuffs he didnt fallow.

ai spreds net fer him an ai take him to Babylon toooo be gujed.

an his scampereing armeh 'll die by teh claw, an teh surviverz be sprinkled 'cross teh wurld an den yew now dad Ceiling Cat has spoken.

"dis iz wat de Ceiling Cat say; ai will take on of dem branch of de cedar,

an plant it on mountain in Izrael.  an it will 'com a grate tree an tons a' birds will nest in it.

undefined

An teh wurd of teh Ceiling Cat happenz to me, he sez, I be in ur computr typin up sum articles for teh house I am teh ceiling 4, en dis iz what i tipe:

wtf does dis mean, "Daddies haf eated yur grapes en de kettehs have got sharp toothed"

it maked no cents, so no have sayed it evr agen, k?

Ceiling Cat is in ur life, doing what ever I want, k?

If ketteh is good ketteh, e iz good, k?

good ketteh means ketteh not have eaten sofa, an ketteh not have "penis go where? in grl ketteh who gots period" srsly dats gross, don do it.

an good kettehs do not have silvar dizez uv utter kettehs, dey need em to eated out of.

do not have eated anytin teh Basement Cat sayed 2 eated

4 if you do not u will nap en dah ceiling with me, so sayed Ceiling Cat.

if penis goes where? makes a taker ov utter kettehs silvar dizez, or utter stuffs

(doh da daddie does not) a bebea ketteh who eaten sofa an ketteh who have penis go where? ing rl ketteh who gots period,

an takes teh utter kettehs silvar dizez (even dah gawlden uns) en utter bad stuffs

dis bad ketteh Ceiling Cat will pwn, even though bad ketteh has good praktiz with katana. iz his own falts btw.

On dah utter paw, if a babea ketteh is not like iz bad ketteh daddie

en duz not eated sofaz like iz daddie, nor gross penis go where? stuffs

en gives ketteh food 2 dah kettehz who wants deh ketteh food

en duz not lizen 2 da Basement Cat (hez bad ketteh srsly)

Only da daddie will be kilt for dah errors uv da daddie, en only da babea ketteh will be kilt for dah errors uv da babea ketteh.

All dah kettehs talked "why ez did so?" en dah anzer iz "cuz Ceiling Cat saz so"

Only with dah errors is u kilt ketteh falled daen in 2 Basement wet teh Basement Cat.

But if teh ketteh ez a good ketteh, he not have falled daen in 2 Basement, more cheeseburgrz dat way 4 u btw.

If you good kettehs be good Ceiling Cat will not watch you as you error, as if never happen, k?

Do I haved fun wit kilt bad kettehs sayed Ceiling Cat, or do I haved fun wit good ketteh wit not have kilted?

Utter is also troo, if you good kettehs be bad Ceiling Cat will watch you as you error, en u have no cheeseburgr, k?

u say "Ceiling Cat wai no fare!" heer now o house I protek frum deh rain, ez my wai no fare, or ez your wai no fare?

U g2g 2 Basement if Ceiling Cat saz so btw.

bad ketteh hoo make good r good kettehs now en good kettehs no kilt dem, en good ketteh have da life.

en dats why good kettehs r not have kilted, cuz dey r good kettehs now, k?

en yet u sayed again "Ceiling Cat wai no fare!"

undefined

Moreover take thou up a lamentation for the princes of Israel,

And say, What is thy mother? A lioness: she lay down among lions, she nourished her whelps among young lions.

And she brought up one of her whelps: it became a young lion, and it learned to catch the prey; it devoured men.

The nations also heard of him; he was taken in their pit, and they brought him with chains unto the land of Egypt.

Now when she saw that she had waited, and her hope was lost, then she took another of her whelps, and made him a young lion.

And he went up and down among the lions, he became a young lion, and learned to catch the prey, and devoured men.

And he knew their desolate palaces, and he laid waste their cities; and the land was desolate, and the fulness thereof, by the noise of his roaring.

Then the nations set against him on every side from the provinces, and spread their net over him: he was taken in their pit.

And they put him in ward in chains, and brought him to the king of Babylon: they brought him into holds, that his voice should no more be heard upon the mountains of Israel.

Thy mother is like a vine in thy blood, planted by the waters: she was fruitful and full of branches by reason of many waters.

And she had strong rods for the sceptres of them that bare rule, and her stature was exalted among the thick branches, and she appeared in her height with the multitude of her branches.

But she was plucked up in fury, she was cast down to the ground, and the east wind dried up her fruit: her strong rods were broken and withered; the fire consumed them.

And now she is planted in the wilderness, in a dry and thirsty ground.

undefined

Ceilin Cat sez to me:

"Oh hai, son uv man! bad news, u telz

peeps in jerusalem: Ima gonna kill u, gud an bad.

norf an souf, Ima gonna kill em allz.

den dey all be the srry, an kno Im da head boss.

so den, son uv man, mown an grown liek u sikc r sumfin.

den whne da peeps ax u whut ur problm iz, u kin sai "coz Ceiling Cat iz pissed atchu.  srsly."

An den Ceiling Cat sez:

undefined

An Ceiling Cat keep speekin to me:

U kno thoes two cats over dere? Theyr momma dun kno who iz baby daddy.

An they iz both... SLUTS! Peepls from south tuched their butts. An other stuff. An they likd it

an teh cats has weerd namez an makes the baybees like doll factoreez.

Da oldr sister wants be biggest ho. So she finded peepls wit a big army,

an teh army iz all pretteh, wit horsies and shinies.

So the oldr sister mak boom boom with teh army of the peepls and with teh guvrnurs. Lots.

She useded her mojo she lernd from teh peeps in teh south. Dey gave her lots of luvins from teh south. And they gave her affekshuns. And broozes. And gonoreeuhs.

So I givs her to teh army becuz she iz infachuaded.

But teh army peepls dun want her cuz she iz ho. So dey took away all her baybees an mad her ded. Srsly.

And teh youngr sister saw this but wantd to be bigger ho then oldr sister. It wuz on lik donky kong.

So she gots her sisters blak book an findeds all the mens who made teh nastee with her sister. An she sayd "HAI U R HOTT LETS MAK OUT"

An I sees that she is lik her sister. Becuz they iz lik teh ho. An now she iz durty. Lik a ho.

But she wuld gets honry at pikshurs of mens in red.

An she gots turnd on by theyr belts and theyr hats and teh red, becuz red is teh awesom.

An soes she hads her girlfrenz tell the mens in red where to hav gud time.

An teh mens in red did things to her. And she did things to herslf with teh mens in red. And then lots of mens in red tuk turns doing things to her. And then she was lik eww gross.

Ans than alls knos her nekid body an where her mols are an stuff an I cans not luk at her becuz she is lik her sistr, an thas kinda grose.

Buts she just maks teh notty danse mors and mores becuz is how she useded to play as chiled. An she wuz rly gudz at it.

She liekd teh guys with teh big dixxxes... teh RLY big uns, like donkeys LOL... and massiv cumbuckits like horse!

So u longd 4 da lewdnes ov ur youth, when in egypt ur bosom wuz caresd an ur young boobs fondld. mmm....

"therefore, oholibah, dis ar teh wut teh sovereign lord sez: im gonna stir up ur lovers against u, dose u turnd away frum in disgust, an im gonna brin them against u frum evry side-

teh babylonianz an all teh chaldeanz, teh doodz ov pekod an shoa an koa, an all teh assyrianz wif them, handsome young doodz, all ov them governors an commanders, chariot officers an doodz ov high rank, all mountd on horsez.

They will come against u wif weapons, [d] chariots an wagons an wif throng ov peeps; they will taek up posishuns against u on evry side wif large an small shieldz an wif helmets. Im gonna turn u ovar 2 them 4 punishment, an they will punish u accordin 2 their standardz.

Im gonna direct mah jealous angr against u, an they will deal wif u in fury. They will cut off ur nosez an ur ears, an dose ov u hoo r left will fall by teh sword. They will taek away ur sons an daughters, an dose ov u hoo r left will be consumd by fire.

they will also strip u ov ur clothez an taek ur fine jewelry.

So im gonna put stop 2 teh lewdnes an prostitushun u began in egypt. U will not look on thees things wif longin or remembr egypt nomore.

"4 dis ar teh wut teh sovereign lord sez: im bout 2 hand u ovar 2 dose u hate, 2 dose u turnd away frum in disgust.

They will deal wif u in hatrd an taek away evrythin u has werkd 4. They will leef u nakd an bare, an teh shame ov ur prostitushun will be exposd. Ur lewdnes an promiscuity

30 has brought dis upon u, cuz u lustd aftr teh nashuns an defild yourself wif their idols. 31 u has gone teh wai ov ur sistr; so im gonna put her cup into ur hand.

Youz has gone de way of ur sister, so I be stealin' her bucket and gives it to u.

Dis is wat Ceiling Cat say: U will drink ur sister's bucket, a bucket this big, rly this big. Wai. Teh bucket is filled up wif angry stuff, cuz its a rly big bucket.

U shall be filld wif drunkennes an sorrow a bucket ov horror an desolashun iz teh bucket ov ur sistr Samaria;

U shall drink it an drain it out an gnaw itz shredz an tear out ur boobs 4 I has spoken sez teh lord ceilin cat

therefor thus sez lord ceilin cat. cuz u has forgotten me an cast me behind ur bak, therefor bear teh consequencez ov ur

Teh lord sed 2 me: "son ov man, will u judge oholah an oholibah? Den confront them wif their detestable practicez.

4 they has committd adultery an blood iz on their hanz. They committd adultery wif their idols; they even sacrificd their children, whom they bore 2 me, as fud 4 them.

They has also dun dis 2 me: at dat same tiem they defild mah sanctuary an desecratd mah sabbaths.

On teh vry dai they sacrificd their children 2 their idols, they enterd mah sanctuary an desecratd it. Dat iz wut they did in mah houz.

"they even sent mesengers 4 doodz hoo came frum far away, an when they arrivd u bafd yourself 4 them, paintd ur eyez an put on ur jewelry.

U sat on an elegant couch, wif table spread before it on which u had placd teh incense an oil dat belongd 2 me.

"teh noize ov carefree crowd wuz around her; sabeanz [f] wuz brought frum teh desert along wif doodz frum teh rabble, an they put bracelets on teh arms ov teh woman an her sistr an beautiful crowns on their headz.

Den i sed bout teh wan worn out by adultery, nao let them use her as prostitute, 4 dat iz all she iz.

An they slept wif her. As doodz sleep wif prostitute, so they slept wif dose lewd women, oholah an oholibah.

But righteous doodz will sentence them 2 teh punishment ov women hoo commit adultery an shd blood, cuz they r adulterous an blood iz on their hanz.

"dis ar teh wut teh sovereign lord sez: brin mob against them an giv them ovar 2 terror an plundr.

Teh mob will stone them an cut them down wif their swordz; they will kill their sons an daughters an burn down their haus.

undefined

In teh nineth yeaw, teh 10th dei ov teh 10th month, teh woord ov teh Ceiling Cat caem to meh:

"Kitteh, records dis daet, dis very daet, bcuz teh king ov Baybehlon is attak to Jeruslem dis very dai, srsly.

Yu goes an sez teh bad peepal dis: "Teh Ceiling Cat sez: I has a reciep! Yu puts on teh cowkin pot; yu puts it on an poors watr into it.

Yu puts innit sum miit, teh bestest parts. Yu fills it wit sum delizus bouns;

You teiks teh bestest. Yu piel wud undar it for teh bouns; den boils it an cuks teh bouns innit.

undefined

undefined

N den teh elefenth yeer caem, on dat furst dae of teh month, Ceiling Cat caem n sed;

undefined

undefined

O hai. Teh wurd of Ceiling Cat caem to me.

Nao u, mortul, rayse a lamen... liman... sad song ovah Tire (on a big truk! LOL!),

an speek to tire, wich sits at teh entance to teh see, cheezburger sellaz of teh kittehs on manee beeches, dus sez Ceiling Cat: Oh Tire, u has sed, "I am perfickt in teh cute."

Yor boarders ar in teh hart of teh sees;
yor builder d00ds made perfickt yoar kwute

Dey maded all yor plankz of fir treez from Se'Nir;
dey taked a cedar frum Lebanon to make a mast foar u.

Frum oakz ov Ba'shan dey maded ur oars; dey maded ur deck ov pineseses from teh coasts of Cyprus (wich is a funneh place ware u get ur cheezuz), inlaid with ivory.

undefined

Teh wurd of da Ceiling Cat came to me:

"Son of kitteh, sayz to da hooman wit da Tirez, 'Dis is whut Ceiling Cat saiz: " 'In da pride of yourz heart you saiz, "I iz fresh Ceiling Cat I sit in da peepholz of da old Ceiling Cat in da corner of da Ceiling." But you are a hooman and not a Ceiling Cat, though youz tink you are is as wize as da Ceiling Cat.

Are youz wizah den Danielz? Is no bukkit hidden from youz?

By yourz stalking and begging you has gained cheezeburger for youzself and gots blanketz and laundriez in youz homez.

By youz leet skillz in coding you is uppin youz stashez of da treatz, and because of your treatz youz heart is liek a meanie.

" 'Srsly dis is whut the great Ceiling Cat saiz: " 'Becuz youz tink youz is da uber-smarty, and wize likez a kitteh,

I iz going to bring da dogz to biet and lick youz, teh most stinkiest of animuls; tey willz stealz youz bukkit and dey willz poop in youz laundriez.

Dey willz carriez youz in dey stinky mouthz, and givez youz da muther of baths byz spitting you'z in da pool.

9 Willz youz den saiz, "I is a Kitteh," in da stinkz of dem dat chasez kittehs? Day den saiz O RLY and you saiz YA RLY and dey saiz NO WAI and dey bitez youz Youz be butz a hooman, not a kitteh in da pawz of dem dat chasez youz.

10 Youz will beez licked byz de toungez of da unspiyededz and nutteredz byz de toungez of da dogz. I has saiz, saiz da Ceiling Cat.' "

Da wurdz of da Ceiling Cat comez tooz me:

"Son of kitteh, takez up a mew for da hooman wit da Tirez and saiz to him: 'Dis is whut da Ceiling Cat saiz: " 'Youz waz da dreamz of purrsfection full of da smarts and da cutez.

You was on tabelz, da stool of da Ceiling Cat; pretty stonzgiven youz: da rubiez, da topazez and da emeraldezez, crizolitez, onk-ziz and da jasperz, safirez, turkey-coizes and da berylz. Youz waz even given da catnip mousiez and da rubbah duckiez.  Youz dishez and youz litter boxez was covered wit baconzd; on da day you wuz adopted dey wuz made fresh for youz.

You waz praized as like a kitteh, for so I haz rubbed youz. You waz given da lapz; you waz given da kitteh door.

You waz liek da goodness itself from da day you were created till youz sprayed on da TV.

From youz nights out you waz filled wit da territorial instinctz, and youz sprayed. So Iz drove youz in da shamez from da laps, and I pushed youz out and locked da kitteh door.

Youz becomes liek a meanie becuz of youz pretty looks, and youz messed up youz smartz becuz of yuz nice collarz. So Iz dropz you to da floor; I madez a jokez of youz before da lolrusez.

Biez youz many sprayingz and sloppiez eating you has showez dat u iz a n00b. So I madez a bath come outz for youz, and it washed youz, and I covered youz in da bubblez in da sites of da lolrusez

undefined

Dis is messag dat cum to meh frum ceiling cat.

He sez to meh "Hai kitteh! Tell de udder kittehs dat I, de most awsum ceiling cat who rockz so much sez diz. kthnxbai."


Cuz dat reali bad day iz pretty much almos goin to b hear.
It iz day of ceiling cat. srsly.



A rolled-up newspapr will hit teh ejipt!
All teh kitteh who get killd will cuvr teh groun.



Ethopia, Lyba, Lydiah, n all Arabiah


Cuz dis is wut ceiling cat sez


Egipt will not haz nething.
None of teh nashuns by Egipt will haz nething, eithr.



Den dey wil all no dat i am mihty ceiling cat. ya srsly.
Wen I set egipt on teh firezzz!
N killd all her frends.

Den I wil send messanjers on kewl boatz. 
Dey wil mak teh Ethipans haz fearz n b scared.



Cuz dis is wut ceiling cat sez


He and his meanest fighterkittehs
wil b sent to ruin teh landz.



undefined

Teh werd ov teh lord came 2 me:

"son ov man, speek 2 ur countrymen an say 2 them: when i brin teh sword against land, an teh peeps ov teh land choose wan ov their doodz an mak him their watchman,

An he seez teh sword comin against teh land an blows teh trumpet 2 warn teh peeps,

Den if anyone hears teh trumpet but doez not taek warnin an teh sword comez an takez his life, his blood will be on his own head.

Since he herd teh sound ov teh trumpet but did not taek warnin, his blood will be on his own head. If he had taken warnin, he wud has savd him.

Butt if teh watchman seez teh sword comin an doez not blow teh trumpet 2 warn teh peeps an teh sword comez an takez teh life ov wan ov them, dat man will be taken away cuz ov his sin, but im gonna hold teh watchman accountable 4 his blood.

"son ov man, i has made u watchman 4 da houz ov israel; so hear teh werd i speek an giv them warnin frum me.

When i say 2 teh wickd, o wickd man, u will surely dye, an u do not speek out 2 disuade him frum his ways, dat wickd man will dye 4 [a] his sin, an im gonna hold u accountable 4 his blood.

Butt if u do warn teh wickd man 2 turn frum his ways an he doez not do so, he will dye 4 his sin, but u will has savd yourself.

"son ov man, say 2 teh houz ov israel, dis ar teh wut u r sayin: "r offensez an sins weigh us down, an we r wastin away cuz ov [b] them. How den can we liv?"

Say 2 them, as surely as i liv, declarez teh sovereign lord, i taek no pleasure in da death ov teh wickd, but rathr dat they turn frum their ways an liv. Turn! Turn frum ur evil ways! Y will u dye, o houz ov israel?

"therefore, son ov man, say 2 ur countrymen, teh righteousnes ov teh righteous man will not save him when he disobeys, an teh wickednes ov teh wickd man will not cause him 2 fall when he turns frum it. Teh righteous man, if he sins, will not be allowd 2 liv cuz ov his formr righteousnes.

If i tell teh righteous man dat he will surely liv, but den he trusts in his righteousnes an doez evil, none ov teh righteous things he has dun will be rememberd; he will dye 4 da evil he has dun.

An if i say 2 teh wickd man, u will surely dye, but he den turns away frum his sin an doez wut iz jus an rite-

If he givez bak wut he took in pledge 4 loan, returns wut he has stolen, follows teh decreez dat giv life, an doez no evil, he will surely liv; he will not dye.

None ov teh sins he has committd will be rememberd against him. He has dun wut iz jus an rite; he will surely liv.

"yet ur countrymen say, teh wai ov teh lord iz not jus. But it their wai dat iz not jus.

If righteous man turns frum his righteousnes an doez evil, he will dye 4 it.

An if wickd man turns away frum his wickednes an doez wut iz jus an rite, he will liv by doin so. 20 yet, o houz ov israel, u say, teh wai ov teh lord iz not jus. But im gonna judge each ov u accordin 2 his own ways."

undefined

In da twelfth yer ov r exile, in da tenth month on teh fifth dai, man hoo had escapd frum jerusalem came 2 me an sed, "teh city has fallen!"

Nao teh evenin before teh man arrivd, teh hand ov teh lord wuz upon me, an he opend mah mouth before teh man came 2 me in da mornin. So mah mouth wuz opend an i wuz no longr silent.

Den teh werd ov teh lord came 2 me:

"son ov man, teh peeps livin in dose ruins in da land ov israel r sayin, abraham wuz only wan man, yet he posessd teh land. But we r lotz da; surely teh land has been given 2 us as r posesshun.

therefore say 2 them, dis ar teh wut teh sovereign lord sez: since u eat meat wif teh blood still in it an look 2 ur idols an shd blood, shud u den posess teh land?

u rely on ur sword, u do detestable things, an each ov u defilez his neighbors wife. Shud u den posess teh land?

"say dis 2 them: dis ar teh wut teh sovereign lord sez: as surely as i liv, dose hoo r left in da ruins will fall by teh sword, dose out in da country im gonna giv 2 teh wild animals 2 be devourd, an dose in strongholdz an cavez will dye ov plague.

Im gonna mak teh land desolate waste, an her proud strength will come 2 an end, an teh mountains ov israel will become desolate so dat no wan will cros them.

Den they will knoe dat i r lord, when i has made teh land desolate waste cuz ov all teh detestable things they has dun.

"as 4 u, son ov man, ur countrymen r talkin togethr bout u by teh walls an at teh doors ov teh haus, sayin 2 each othr, come an hear teh mesage dat has come frum teh lord.

Mah peeps come 2 u, as they usually do, an sit before u 2 listen 2 ur werdz, but they do not put them into practice. Wif their mouths they expres devoshun, but their hearts r greedy 4 unjust gain.

undefined

Teh werd ov teh Ceiling Cat came 2 me:

O hai son ov man! profesy gainst teh sheprdz ov Israel, profeci an say 2 them: dis ar teh wut teh sovrin lord sez: Woah to teh sheprdz ov Israel hoo only givz cheezburgrz 2 demselvz! Shudn't teh sheprdz givez cheezburgrz 2 all kittehs, srsly?

U eet teh cookiez an ware teh c00l thredz an mek cheezburgrz outta teh bestest burgrz but U not care 4 da kittehs.

U not mek teh n00bz bettr an u not heeld teh sikk n00bz an u not guidez teh n00bz an u not fnded teh lsot n00bz.

So teh n00bz wuz scattrd coz dey had no sheprd an wen dey wuz scattrd dey bcame cheezburgrz 4 all dem othr stufs

Mah kittehs wunderd ovr all teh mowntans an on teh rlly big hillz. Dey wuz scattrd ovr teh urfs an no d00dz fnded dem, srsly.

An so u shep d00dz heer teh mesage ov Ceiling Cat:

As surely as i liv, declarez teh Sovrin lord, bcoz mah peepz got no sheprdz an so becum cheezburgrz 4 all dem othr stufs, an bcoz mah shprdz not surch 4 mah peepz but eeted cheezburgrz 4 demselvz (ah hope dey did NOT eetz mah peepz!) but mah peepz no can haz cheezburgrz

an so u sheprd d00dz heer teh wurd ov teh lord:

Dis iz wut Ceiling Cat sez: I be gainst teh sheprdz an wil maek dem responsibul 4 mah kittehs. I wil stop dem frm lukkin aftur mah peepz so teh shprdz can eet no longr, srsly. I be rscuin mah peepz frm dere mowves (DEY DID EETZ MAH PEEPZ! CURSE DEM SHEPRDZ!) an dey no can haz mah kittehs 4 cheezburgrz no more kthnx.

An for dis is wut teh Sovrin lord sez: I mahself wil surch 4 mah sheepz an luuk after dem.

As a shepperd carez 4 his peepz wen he iz with dem so wil I luk aftur mah kittehs, srsly. Ah b reskewin dem frum weere dey wuz scatterd onna dark n clowdy dai.

Ah wil bring dem owt frm teh nashuns an kuntrees n I be bringgin tehm in2 dere own lnad, srsly. Ah wil giv dem teh sunni spots on teh mowntans ov Israel, in teh raveens n in evrywear.

I wil giv dem fluffi cusshuns n teh hi mowntans ov Israel wil be dere kumfy spots. Dey cn slepe dere in sunni spots n dey can has cheezburgrz on teh mowntainz ov Israel, srsly.

Ah maiself wil cair 4 mah shepz an let dem rest, declarez teh sovrain lord.

I wil surch 4 teh lost n00bs n leed dem back, srsly. I wil heel teh sikk n00bz an giv strngth 2 da week n00bz, but teh slick n strowng ah will pwn. Ah wil shepprd mah peepz wid justice, srsly.

As 4 u, mah peepz, check wut teh sovrin lord sez: I wil judg tween wun sheepz an anuther, an tween ramz an goatz.

Iznit enuf you can has cheezburgrz? Wai muzt u smush crums in2 teh udder cheezbrgrz? Iznit enuf you can has milk? Wai 4 you mess it wiv ur paws?

Muzt mah kittehs eet smushed cheezburgrz n drink teh milk u messd wiv ur paws? Srsly?

An so dis ar whut teh Soverin lord sez to dem: Srsly, I wil judg tween teh leen shepp n teh fatti.

Cuz u shuv wid yo butt n yo shlderz an u pwn teh n00bs til u maik em run awai,

I wil sav mah peepz n tehy wil b saif, srsly. I wil judg tween wun sheepz an anuther.

I wil maik wun sheeprd, mai d00d Davd, n he wil cair 4 dem; he wil luk aftr tehm n b dere sheprd, srsly.

I ar Ceiling Cat n wil b dere top cat n mah d00d Davd wll b relly cool cat amung tehm. I teh lawd haz sez dis stuf, srsly.

I wil maik a cuvernent o peace wid dem n rid teh land o wild beestz n stuff wid mah lazer eyes so dey cn liv in teh dessert an slepp in teh forrestz safley.

Ai wil bles tehm an teh spotz arround mah hil. I wil sen dwn showwerz in seezn; dere wil b shwerz ov blesing, srsly.

Teh treez o teh feeld wil yeeld froot n teh grownd will yeeld krops; teh peepz wil b kumfy in teh lannd. Dey wil noes I b teh Top Cat wen I brake dere yolk an rscue tehm frm dere captrs.

Dey wil b plunderered noe lnger by teh nayshunz an aminal an stufz no can haz dem 4 b cheezburgrs. Tehy wil liv safley an noe d00dz wil mekkem skeerd.

I wil maik 4 dem a land famus 4 itz cheezbrgrz an all kittehs cn has cheezbrgrz an noe kittehz wil bare teh skorn ov nayshunz.

Tehn dey wil kno taht I, CEILING CAT (YARR!) and Top Cat, be wid tehm an dat tehy, da howse ov Israel, be mah peepz dclairz teh sovrin lrd.

undefined

teh werd ov teh lord came 2 me:

"son ov man, set ur face against mount seir; profesy against it

an say: dis ar teh wut teh sovereign lord sez: im against u, mount seir, an im gonna stretch out mah hand against u an mak u desolate waste.

im gonna turn ur towns into ruins an u will be desolate. Den u will knoe dat i r lord.

" cuz u harbord an ancient hostility an deliverd teh israelitez ovar 2 teh sword at teh tiem ov their calamity, teh tiem their punishment reachd itz climax,

therefore as surely as i liv, declarez teh sovereign lord, im gonna giv u ovar 2 bloodshd an it will pursue u. Since u did not hate bloodshd, bloodshd will pursue u.

im gonna mak mount seir desolate waste an cut off frum it all hoo come an go.

im gonna fill ur mountains wif teh slain; dose killd by teh sword will fall on ur hills an in ur valleys an in all ur ravinez.

im gonna mak u desolate forevr; ur towns will not be inhabitd. Den u will knoe dat i r lord.

" cuz u has sed, "thees 2 nashuns an countriez will be ours an we will taek posesshun ov them," even though i teh lord wuz thar,

therefore as surely as i liv, declarez teh sovereign lord, im gonna treat u in accordance wif teh angr an jealousy u showd in ur hatrd ov them an im gonna mak myself known among them when i judge u.

den u will knoe dat i teh lord has herd all teh contemptible things u has sed against teh mountains ov israel. U sed, "they has been laid waste an has been given ovar 2 us 2 devour."

u boastd against me an spoke against me without restraint, an i herd it.

dis ar teh wut teh sovereign lord sez: while teh whole earth rejoicez, im gonna mak u desolate.

undefined

Sun of kittehs, sea teh futr uv teh big tall mountins in Israel an sai, 'O hai mowntins! So, srly, listen to Ceiling Cat rite now.

Bcuz dat fluffy cat sayd: hears wut those bad dogz saiz uv yu, "AHA! We hav teh old tall fings.'"

So luuk into teh futr an sai, 'Dis is wut sovrin Ceiling Cat sez: Becuz yoo wer so bad, uther animls ar talkin bad about yoo in all the nashuns!

so, yoo big mowntins, keep listnin to Ceiling Cat becus he's still talkin to yew an teh hills an teh icky watrs we hait so much, an teh vallies, an even to teh towns wer der arent any kittehs!

Ceiling Cat saiz: In mai burnin zeel iv spoken aginst da udder nashuns an aginst all Edom, cuz they took my cheeseburgers an den smiled abowt it.

So sumwun's gotta profesy da futr uv dese mountins an hills Ceiling Cat wuz jus talkin too. Cuz he's prty mad about the stealin'.

So in teh wurdz uv Ceiling Cat: yu can haz cheezeburger? NO! NO CHEEZEBURGERS OR COOKIEZ FOR YU!

"But four teh prty mowntins, yes! tehy will haz so many cheezeburgrz an cookies an teh kittehs on dem will be so happi.

Ima maek sure no bad fings coem neer yu.

yur kittens will be moar and moar an yu'll have pets an milk an nise big beds.

Theyrs gonna be mice to pwn and katnip all ovr an then yu'll noe dat Ceiling Cat is Ceiling Cat.

undefined

Teh pawz uv teh CEILING CAT wur up ons meh, n Pawz uv teh CEILING CAT brat meh to teh Spirit uv teh CEILING CAT n set meh in an earf cut! Gaiz Bones Urvywhur, WTF!

CEILING CAT led me arounds teh bonz uv teh gaiz, tunza bonz! Bonz urvywhere, bonz dryr den CEILING CAT'S litr bawx.

CEILING CAT askid meh, "Sun uv Gai, can dri gaiz be to lives?" I sez, "O CEILING CAT, onlay u duz nos."

Den CEILING CAT sez to meh, "Tell ded dri bonz and sez to dem, 'Dri gaiz, listun n hear teh wurd uv CEILING CAT!'

Dis iz what teh CEILING CAT sez to deh bonez: 'Yew get brefs, YAY! Yew get lyfe, FTW!'

'Yew can has tinduns on yew and can has fleshes on yew and ken b cuvurd n skinzes, YAY! I give you brefs and you gets lyfe, den u no dat ah'm teh CEILING CAT, KTHX."

I sez wut CEILING CAT sez for meh to sez. N as I sez it, lowd noizez, ratlin sowndz, n teh bonz cam 2gedder, bonz to bonz, SRSLY!

I lukd, n tinduns n fleshez wur der, and skinz ovur dem, but CEILING CAT furgot deh brefs! WTF CEILING CAT! Oops, sry, srsly, much luv 4 CEILING CAT.

Den CEILING CAT sez 2 meh, "Talk 2 da brefs. Talk, sun uv gai, n sez it. 'Dis iz CEILING CAT. Hai. I sez: Frum deh fur windz, O bref, a Breve in2 teh ded, so dey can has live.'"

So I sez teh thingz he sez, n da bref went 2 da gaiz, and dey live! WTF, lotsa gaiz!

Den CEILING CAT sez: "Sun uv gai, des bonez is haus uv Israel. Dey say, 'dis suckz, we thirsty, and our hopez is gon: no can has cheezburgrs.'

so sez to dem: 'CEILING CAT sez sup d00ds, rise frum ur grave, cuz Altered Beast rulz! You can has Israels n all is landz.

Den you, my d00ds, will no I am CEILING CAT, when u rise frum ur graves and com up frum dem.

You can has CEILING CAT'S supr awsum spirit in yew (srsly) n u can has living, and can has U-Haul to move in own land. Den yew will no dat I is CEILING CAT, and I spake werdz, and can has dun stuf, for always and ever and cheezburgrs. SRSLY.

CEILING CAT came back, sup d00d?

NM Zeke. Rite on dis stik, "For Judah n teh chilrens uv Izrail, his buddies." Den rite on anudder stik "For Joseph, the stick of Ephraim and for Izrail's hawsis and der friends." Y am I riting on stikz?!

Touch dese 2geddur and they'll join. Iz Majikz! WAI!

Yer kids will wanna know wut dis meanz. "So do I! WTF majik stikz?!"

say to yer kids "Thus spoke CEILING CAT! sup d00ds? Dese stikz are majik, and CEILING CAT gave em to me, so der. Watch! Dey join 2geddur!" N urvy1 will say ZOMGWTF!

de stikz uv majikz will be rite in front uv u.

tel dem, "CEILING CAT sed dis! Izreel kittehs is ok. Not heathens. Dey can com hear.

Ai will makeded dem one nashun in teh ln, on teh montens of Izreel. Der will be one king ovur all of dem n dey will never a gain be two nashuns or be divided into two kingdoms.

Dey will no longer defile demselves wit der idols n bad images or wit any of der offenses, for Ai will saf dem from all der sinful backsliding, [b] n Ai will cleanse dem. Dey will be mai people, n Ai will be der Ceiling Cat.

" 'Mai servant Davidcat will be king ovur dem, n dey will all haf one shepherd. Dey will follow mai laws n be careful to keep mai decrees.

Dey will live in teh ln Ai gave to mai servant Jacobcat, teh ln where ur fatehrs lived. Dey n der kitteh n der kitteh's kitteh will live der forevur, n Davidcat mai servant will be der prince forevur.

Ai will makeded a cofnen of peace wit dem; it will be an everlasting cofnen. Ai will makeded dem n increase der numbers, n Ai will put mai sanctaree among dem forevur.

Mai dwelling place will be wit dem; Ai will be der Ceiling Cat, n dey will be mai people.

undefined

Da werd of da ceilingz cat came too meh

"Mah babiez, set ur fase agaisnt Gog, in teh landz o' Magog, teh ledars of Meshech an Tubal; give 'ive him a headzup

an u sayz: 'dis be ur wat I ceiling cat sayz: u suck Gog lol

I turn u sideways wit mah paws in ur mouth, get ur army gais, maek sur day not nekkid

Persia, Ethiopia, and Libya wit dem; all dem wit super clothes

Gomer, and all hims dudes; homez of Togarmah of da up place, and sum moar dudes: an den even moar

BRACE FER IMPACT, and dun ferget to watch out fer ur d00ds

Sum dais latur u get visut: Forevar latar u go to ur place form da sward, u meet sum d00ds an sum moutrains: but eets kewl bra, u can has safe tiem.

U came and rawk liek herricane, u can b cloud, wit all ur d00ds n stuff.

and it b caus ceiling cat saided soz, if u think bout stuffz u fink badddd tings:

and u sais, imma go too sum places and stuff that has no wallz,

u tak sum spoils an sum prey; u meet up wit sum peopulz that has sweet stuff.

Sheba, and Dedan, and da selling d00ds of Tarshish, dey ask sum questins bout takin der stuff

in so, kitty of ceiling cat, says to j00, dis be ceiling cat; if u has saef, does u know u has?

den u com form up da place, wit all ur d00ds on da horseys wit sweet fightin guis:

u try too beat my d00ds up, when I has cheezburger, all da d00ds sea.

Ceiling cat saiz; ur be dat gai who be all mean n stuffz.

U come to mai places an ceiling cat beats u up gewd.

U suck lol, u can has urfquake.

C wut u maed meh do?

O lawd u gonna dye.

undefined

Den da hoomin tuk meh norf tew teh owta hairiya an tuk iz tew sum rumes opperzit da tempull hairiya and opperzit teh owta fenss at teh norf.

Teh billdung wif teh norf flap wuz hunnerd kittehs deepz an harf az wyed.

Bowf in da bit tenny kitteh-tayulz awayz frum da inna hairiya an insied da bit opperzit teh stoane slabz inz teh owta hairiya, shaydi parfs wer opperzit eechuvva on da fwee leevuls.

Owtsied da rumes wuz sum shaydi parf ten kitteh-tayulz wyed an wuz hunnerd kitteh-tayulz deepz. Teh flapz wer at teh norf endz.

Awso, teh upstares rumes wer nut so wyed, sins teh shaydi parfs wer big an tuk up tonna moar spayz dan frum teh rumes onner daounstares.

In teh upstares their wer no corlums liek in teh uvva hairiyuz; soaz day wer moar littul dan teh daounstares.

Dare wuz an owta fenss runin longsied teh rumes an owta hairiya an opperzit teh rumes az far az fivetea kitteh-tayulz.

Evun doh teh lien ov rumes neggst tew da owta hairiya wuz far az fivetea kitteh-tayulz, teh lien on teh sied clozer tew teh sangchewhairy wuz hunnerd kitteh-tayulz.

Teh daounstares rumes can haz kitteh-flap in der eesd sied ov teh owta hairiya.

At teh sowf endz runin longsied da owta hairiya, meating teh tempull hairiya an opperzit teh owta fenss, wer rumes

wif sum shaydi parf owtsied. Dees wur simmla tew teh norf rumes; day can has simmla siez, wif simmla kitteh-flapz. Simmla tew teh norf kitteh-flapz

wer teh kitteh-flapz foar da sowf rumes. Dare wuz kitteh-flap at teh end ov teh shaydi parf dat wuz runin longsied teh fenss stikken outz eest, an kitteh iz abel tew ewes itz tew get tew rumes. Srsly.

Hoomin sez tew meh: “Teh norf an sowf rumes opperzit teh tempull hairiya beelong tew teh preestz, ware teh preestz hoo goed tew Top Cat can eatz teh vewee speshul fewd, an day can leev teh vewee speshul offarinz — teh tawl garss seedz, teh Invisible Error offarinz an teh gilt offarinz — becuz dat iz a speshul hairiya.

Ones teh preestz go in speshul hairiya, day shud nut go tew teh owta hairiya wivowt leevin dare cloves day wuz warein, sins dare speshul. Day shud ware ovah cloves eef dayz gowin cloze tew hairiyas fore dem ovver hoomins.”

Arfa mejerin stuf insied da tempull hairiya, da hoomin tuk meh tew da eest flap an mejerd da hoojist hairiya:

Him mejerd teh eest sied wif sum mejurin stik, an izza fiev hunnerd kitteh-tayulz.

Him mejerd teh norf sied an izza fiev hunnerd kitteh-tayulz, cordin tew da mejurin stik.

Him mejerd teh sowf sied an izza fiev hunnerd kitteh-tayulz, cordin tew da mejurin stik.

Den him wenned tew teh wessd sied an mejerd; wuz fiev hunnerd kitteh-tayulz cordin tew da mejurin stik.

undefined

And he bringd me bak to teh gatewayz n sanctury, what iz face east: but OMG it were clozed!

And cieling cat goez: Shut gate is shut lol, it stay shut n no kitteh kan go thru kk?? WHY i here yoo ask wel is cuz teh cieling cat yoozed teh gate, n we keep it shutted

foar teh yunger cieling cat. He wil liek sit in it, so he kan nom bredz in frunt of cieling cat: he wil yooze catflap in porch of teh gate for enterz AND exitz.

And he maked me go froo teh gate from n0rthz wher we saw teh house (hope is not hornted lol): n me saw, n OMG teh gloriez of cieling cat filled teh cieling cat wurship house: n me fell on mai facez n hope i dnt brake my wiskers or i crai.

AND THEN cieleng cat woz lyk: son of kittehs, pay attenshun k?! cuz imma say stuff bout lyk ceremoneez of ma crib, n all its roolz: also PAY ATENSHUN to teh wayz of ma crib, wiv all teh kittehz who is leevin it.

undefined

wen u kettehs take a kilt kettehz land en giv it 2 all teh livin kettehs, member 2 give a bit 2 da Ceiling Cat, he liked to have dat stuffs.

da measurements uv da Ceiling Catz share will alwaz b 500x500 cubitz en den all teh land 50 cubitez around teh land uv de Ceiling Cat iz 4 no 1, srsly!

alzo frum des land u must take EXACTLEE 25,000x10,000 cubitz 4 da holiz uv holiz, or u no get cheezburger, dis instructionz mur important ten tem 10 comandment an utter stuffs dat moses ketteh said, srsly!

dis will be dah place also for da good ketteh preests uv da Ceiling Cat an u place 2 kepe all uv dur mices an utter stuffs.

also a pees uv land 25,000x10,000 cubix 4 dah levite kettehs, so tay can builted dur citeez.

as propertee uv dah Citee (dat citee vith capital see) u shall designete a pees uv land 5,000x25,000 cubix an it must be parralel (ask ur geometree teachur) 2 dah sacrad traks, dis shal be tah nappin plac fur tah israel kettehz, k?

Teh princez can have a liv next 2 dah Citee place if dai won 2, iz ok wit Ceiling

Cat, dis do teh princez will not be pikked on en school no mor, alrite?

teh Ceiling Cat uv israel stick hiz hed down frum ceiling en saz "stop it princez uv israel, omg srsly, stop teh killen uv eechutur en obaye teh lawz uv me! u want cheezburgerz? ten do wat i sayz!

also u can nevr nevr evr lai abowt ur wate, even if u wai a million pownz en can have no walkin at all, srsly.

en all teh kettehz will have teh same amownt uv watr 2 drinc, iz not fare fur 1 ketteh 2 hav more watrz 2 drinc!

en teh onlee moneys u can have iz teh shekel, teh gerahs, an teh mina. Teh shekel ez 20 gerahs en teh mina ez, redee 4 dis maths pplz, 25+25+15 shekels. Tatz it, i no wan 2 b hearin all dis invisible errors bout dollars en euros en marks en rupeez, ou evn dos stoopid powndz en franks, brb wit instruktionz on gifs."

hai dare, iz Ceiling Cat, en dis ez mai brthdai wish list, u bettr giv des gifs 2 me all da time ou u no can have cheezburger, k? I can has 1/6th ub an ephah from eech homer of weet, en 1/6th uv a ephah from eech homer of barlee.

4 evree bit uv oil u hav, i getz 1/10th ov it,

en i alzo want 1 mice frum evree 1 uv ur flockes uv mices, but onlee if yur flock haz ovr 200 mices, don wanna take mai mices frum poor kettehz, dats meen.

it ez teh responzabilitee uv dah princez uv israel 2 make sur i get des giftz in ma hows in Jerusalem all teh time,

omg i wan 2 get gifs frum u all dah time, SRSLY!

oh hai, dis Ceiling Cat agen, an dis is how u mus partee on passovr: firs teh dai uv teh partee ez on teh firs dai uv da firs month, (which is lik wat januaree furs?) en furs yoo kettehs mus take a cleen mice en kilt it en mah house en get iz blud evree ware 2 mak evree ting all cleen, 4 reel!

ten teh preest mus mak sure sum uv teh good mice blud getz on teh door, teh door needz 2 bee cleen 2,

en ten yoo shal do it all ovr agen an agen until yoo get sick uv it.

on teh 14th dai uv teh furs month shal be teh dai uv da reel partee uv passovr, dat utter stuff waz juz preperationz, k? (an don eet good bred on dis dai btw)

on dis dai deh prince MUST giv me a gif (like a nice mice 2b eated bai mee)

en ten yoo must take teh sheepeez en sacrificez dem, en den make red yarns out uv teh wools, en plai wit tem, en ten u sacreificez sevreal mices 4 mee.

don tell peeta abowt dis sacreificez en utter stuffs, thx.

undefined

Ceilingcat sai 'For six dais a weak, put teh East doar of teh inside of teh temple shut.  Open it on teh Sundays, and teh moon partees.

Teh princecat shud go thru teh porch.  Him shud stand bai teh gait.  Teh priestcats shud burn him burnt mices and frendship mices.  Him wurship at teh doar.  Then he leave, but teh doar shudn't shut until nitetymes.

On teh Sundays and teh moon partees, teh d00dz shud meat at teh doar and do wurhsip, K?

Teh princecat shud bring burnt mices too meh on teh Sundays.  Six baby boi mices, and a daddy mice.  Teh mices shud be purrfect. Srsly.

Princecat must give half teh bushel of teh grains wiv teh daddy mice, teh grains he gives wiv teh baby mices can be as much as he wants.  Srsly.  Him also give four kwartz of teh oil for evry half bushl of teh grains.

undefined

"Israel can haz traibs, an heer iz wher they iz goin ta liv.  Dan traib haz land heer: startz bi teh Hethlon rode to Lebo Hamath; Dan Traib also borderz up agenst Damascus landz by Hazar Enan an Hamath.

undefined

In teh third yeer wen Jehoiakim rulez in Joodah, Nebuchadnezzar, teh kink ov Babylon camez undo Yeahroosalem an wantz cookiez.

Nebuchadnezzar sed: "ALL YOUR BASE ARE BELONG TO US", an catchz Jehoiakim, an takez lots ov cookiez from Ceiling Catz pad an stuff. Tehn he takez teh cookiez in teh pad of hiz ovn Ceiling Cat, witch wuz in teh land ov Shinar (n0t China u n00b).

An teh kink spokez undo Ashpenaz, witch wuz teh massa ov teh nutlezz, taht hee shoold bring soam kidz from Izraelz ppl an prinzes an stuffz.

Teh kidz shood be kleen an cool an swotz, 2 b cleva enuff 2 giwe teh kink cheezburgr an cood get lolspeak, 2.

An teh kidz gotz from teh kink cheezburgr an coke an stuff 4 3 yeers, an tehn zey cood meat teh kink.

An unda teh kidz from Joodah waz teh gang ov Daniel, Hananiah, Mishael an Azariah.

Teh massa of teh nutlezz sed, yr in ma land, an gawe them 1337 namez: Daniel gotz Belteshazzar an Hananiah gotz Shadrach an Mishael gotz Meshach an Azariah gotz Abednego, butt zey coodnt spell it.

An Daniel zaid im in yr land butt yr cheezburgr an coke r crap, srsly, an i getz teh runz.

Nau teh Ceiling Cat maed taht teh massa of teh nutlezz, hoo waz gay an stuff, lieked Daniel mutch.

An teh massa zaid: "OMFG i feer teh kink an he haz gawe yoo cheezburgr an coke, an wen yoo look laik scelletnz an oll assa kidz haz fad assez tehn it getz awnkool."

An Daniel chattet wiz Melzar, hoo waz maid the nannie ov teh kidz bai teh massa:

"Can we haz wead an water 4 teh nxt tenn dayez plz? kthx."

"An afta taht wee'll shou up an u can zee hoo lookz betta, wee or teh assa kidz hoo getz teh runz from yr cheezburgr."

Butt Melzar waz kool and sed: "O RLY?" And hee sed: "Deel!"

An afta tenn dayez teh pot headz lookt kool cuz teh kink haz goode wead an teh assa kidz lookt laik n00bz.

So Melzar sed "LOL" an gawe tehm nou moure cheezburgr an coke butt wead n stuff.

An teh Ceiling Cat gawe theeze 4 kidz the r00t pwd, an Daniel gotz kool in debuggin an stuff.

Az teh 3 yeerz wer ova, teh kink wantz to sea oll teh kidz, an teh massa browd tehm 2 teh kink.

An teh kink speekz wiz teh kidz, butt teh gang wuz mutch kooler tehn teh assa kidz, an so zey wer alloud 2 gawe teh kink cheezburgr an stuff.

An Daniel newz teh pwds an cheetz an stuff an pwned teh adminz an conzultanz ov teh kink, witch wer oll trollz.

undefined

An in teh seccend yeer kink Nebuchadnezzar roolez hee haz horrortripz an koodnt sleap cuz of 2 mutch wead an cheezburgr an stuff.

An teh kink called hiz adminz an conzultanz an wissards an Chaldeans (noboddy newz where tehy wuz cum from), an wanz 2 no wut 2 do conzernin hiz tripz. An tehy wuz in hiz room.

An teh king sed: "I haz a dreem" (butt wuz not teh wun ov MLK). An hee sed: "Taht dreem drivz mee nut, wut shall i doo?"

So teh chief ov teh Chaldeans spoukz: "LOL, u roolez 4eva! Yr dreem goez how?"

An teh kink sed: "If u cunt tell mee, wut teh dreem is an wut it meenz, im gettin angry. Srsly! Cuttin u in peacez, turnin yr pads 2 dunhillz an stuff."

"Butt when u can tell mee, wutz tihs oll 'bout, u get cookiez an cheezburgr an stuff."

An teh chief ov teh Chaldeans spoukz 'gain: "Yr dreem gouz how? We cun tell wut it meenz."

An teh kink sed: "U just wanna win tiem, LOL, im not stupid pal."

"I wont tell u teh dreem, cuz u just wanna ly 2 mee. If u cun tell mee teh dreem, I no taht i cun trust yr intaprayshun."

An the Chaldeans rply: "Tehr is nou man on earz, hoo cood no tihs. Tehr4 neva a kink axt sutch a tihngz from hiz adminz n consaltunz n Chaldeans."

"An itz a rly cumplikaytid thingz u wanz from ass, witch nou men cood ansr u, xcept teh invisible menz, witch livez not in tihs wrld."

An teh kink wuz liek "WTF!" an got angry an stuff, an sed taht oll teh wize menz ov Babylon shood b FUBARd.

An bcuz ov teh orda taht oll wize menz shood b FUBARd, Daniel an hiz gang shood b FUBARd 2.

Butt Daniel ansrd Arioch hoo wuz chief ov teh kinkz boddygardz.

N he axt Arioch "Y u wunz FUBAR mee?" N Arioch tould him y.

Tehn Daniel goez 2 teh kink an sed "Iv u givez mee sum tiem, tehn i cun tell u yr dreem. kthx." Butt tihs wuz a bluv.

An Daniel goez hom an tould teh gang teh hole storee.

Daniel sed "Wee needz help from Ceiling Cat, taht hee tellz ass teh dreem, elz tehy FUBAR ass wiz teh ozza wize menz."

An @ nite Daniel kood sea teh dreem, an he sed 2 Ceiling Cat "Thx, u roxx!

An hee sed taht Ceiling Cat rulez an nose oll pwds an is kewl an stuff.

An taht Ceiling Cat changz teh tiemz an cronjobz, makz kinkz an p0wnz kinkz, an givz wizdum 2 teh wize an brane 2 teh branelezz,

An taht hee nose oll seakritz an nose were teh lite iz in teh darkniz: Itz in teh frige.

An hee sed "Thx 4 givin mee wizdum an p0wer an cheetcodz an u r kewl, srsly!".

Daniel goez 2 Arioch an sed "Stop 2 FUBAR teh wize menz an bring mee 2 teh kink, kthx!"

Arioch broute Daniel 2 teh kink an sed "LOL, heer is wun ov teh ppl from Joodah hoo sed hee nose yr dreem an teh intaprayshun an stuff."

N teh kink axt Daniel hoo haz teh codenaim Belteshazzar "O hai! U nou mai dreem an teh intaprayshun an stuff, srsly?"

N Daniel sed 2 teh kink "LOL, Teh adminz an consaltunz an Chaldeanz cunt tell yr seakrit"

"Butt Ceiling Cat is in yr heaven an nose evrything an stuff an he haz showd kink Nebuchadnezzars wut will heppen. An wut yr dreem an wishinz meenz."

"Itz not mai wizdum butt Ceiling Cat haz told me, so u cun heer wut it meenz."

"Butt tihs seakrit wuz not reveeld cuz im smarta or clevara tehn otha pplz, butt cuz u can get teh intaprayshun an no teh thoudz ov yr hart."

"U has seen a great imige. Tihs imige wuz big an brite stuff an stood b4 u, butt it lookz terribel, srsly."

"Teh imigez hed wuz ov gould, teh breest n armz ov silva, teh belly an teh thaiz ov braz."

"Teh legs ov iron, hiz feet part ov iron n part ov clae."

"U sawez tihs till a stoun caim from somewere an hit teh feet ov teh image witch were ov iron an clae an evrything cumz doun an brouk 2 peacez an u were liek OMG."

"Tehn wuz teh iron an clae an braz an silva an gould, broukn 2 peacez togezza, an bcaim like teh garbidge ov teh dump an teh wind carriez tehm awai, an teh stoun witch distroit teh imige wood a big mountn an filled teh earz."

"C: i'm in yr dreem, nouin yr stuffz. Nau ill tell teh intaprayshun b4 teh kink."

"U r a kink of kinkz: Ceiling Cat gavez u kinkdum, p0wer an glory an stuff."

"An you p0wn oll pplz an animulz an birdz an rulez tehm oll, so u r teh goulden hed."

"Afta u, anazza kinkdum will cum, inferier 2 yrs, an anazza 3rd kinkdum of braz, witch shall rule ova oll teh earthz."

"An teh 4th kinkdum shall b strong as iron cuz iron breax oll tihngs in peacez."

"Butt teh feetz an touz r part of potterz clae an part ov iron, so teh kinkdum will b deewhydid."

"Cuz ov tihs teh kinkdum is partlee strong an partlee brouken, liek Mycrowsoft Winduz."

"An u has seen iron an clae mixed, so pplz will mix togezza, butt tehy'll not cleave 1 2 anazza, liek iron an clae stix not togezza."

"Butt afta taht, Ceiling Cat makez a kinkdum witch will b neva distroid, an it will brake oll ozza kinkdums 2 peacez n cunzoom tehm."

"An tihs is teh stoun u saw brakin teh iron an clae an braz an silva an gould an stuff 2 peacez. Ceiling Cat has shoun u wut cumez."

Tehn kink Nebuchadnezzar wuz liek OMG an fell upon hiz faes an woeshipped Daniel an tould taht hee shoold get cheezburgr an weadz.

An teh kink sed: "Yr Ceiling Cat rulez an p0wnz oll ozza invizible menz an iz teh kink ov teh kinks an iz a reveeler of seakrits."

An teh kink made Daniel a great man, gavez him manni cookiez, made him rooler ova teh hole provinz ov Babylon an chief of oll sysadmins."

undefined

Teh Kign Cheez Nebuchadnezzar maked a huge statchu like ninety foots big an wuz liek, "I'll put it in teh kewlest plaice in Babylon LOL!"

Then he sed: "Everywun get ur buts ovar here so I can sho u mai neu invenshun!"

Everywun went ovar thar and luuked at it.

Then teh kign's loud voise man sed: "OMG! I iz ttly teh sh!T."

"U heer muzak, u fall down, k?"

"If u dont, then I gets super pissed an i throw u into teh microwayve an u becom sizzly stake for to put in mai Meow Mixyumyumyum."

An then teh muzak cames OH NOES! So every1 felled down an wershipped teh statchu.

Sum ppl sed: "The Jewcats suck LOL!"

They sed to teh Kign Cheez: "I wants u to has meh childrens!"

"U sed stuffs an ppl wuz like, 'OK.'"

"Cuz tehy dont want to be yumyum steak in ur Meow Mix."

"But luuk! Teh Jewcats Shadrach, Meshach, an Abednego are teh stuupids! They arnt doing wut u sai! KILL THEM WITH FIRE DESU!"

Then teh kign Neduchadnezzr whas liek "O rly? OMG! I iz soooo anrgy! bring teh insurectionistz to ME!" and they wuz brot.

And he quesitonz themz and sez "Did u rly?"

"Can u do if I hand u sexond chanz? When yuo here teh muzak uv teh trompit, floot, bill gaither, liar, pieps, and all othar muzaks, u fall down, k? Otharwies u can burn in teh cheez oven wich i make for u. Yr Ceiling Cat wont resqueue u then!"

An teh Jewcatz sez "U NOOB!

undefined

undefined

Nebuchadnezzar got so dugg that he set teh giant microwayve to hi powar! So that it was sevan times tostiar than norml.

He toldz his leet guyz 2 ty up teh Jewcats Shadrach, Meshach, an Abednego an put dem in teh microwayve.

So deeze doodz wuz wearin der robez n undawerz n turbunz n oder clothz an waz all in teh rilly hawt microwayve.

An teh leet wuz all burnded up cuz teh microwayve wuz so hawt n dey died. LOL

butt teh Jewcatz wuz tyed up an in teh microwayve.

Teh kign Neduchadnezzr wuz liek, "OMG der wuz three Jewcatz n teh microwayve!"  An hiz frendz sed, "YA RLY."

An teh kign sed, "WTF der iz fur, an dey iz wlkin untyed an not crispeh!  Srsly!  An teh forth lukz liek a bebbeh kitten of ceiling catz!"

Den Neduchadnezzr sed, "Hay u srvants of mst hi Ceiling Cat u can can comes out nao lol!  Cum herez so ai can seez u not crispeh!"  So den teh Jewcatz cum out of teh microwayve.

An srsly dey wuz nawt burnded an dey don smell lyke smoke an fire - an none of der fur an skin wuz tuched.  Srsly.  All teh kign's frendz sed so.

undefined

O, hai, Iz Nebuchadnezzur. (Iz alwyz furgettin hao to spelz dat.) Hai, everbuddiz!  U all haz gud lief, k?

Iz happiz to tellz u abowt teh awsum stuff Ceiling Cat didz.

Teh stuff he didz iz liek totally awsum.  An hiz howse iz liek rly bigz an nevur fallz doun. Srsly.

Ai (Iz Nebukudnezzur) wuz at hoem, an ai wuz happi.

But den ai hadz teh skeeri dreemz!  Ai wuz lyin on teh couchz, an sawz rly skry tingz!  Srsly.

An ai wuz liek "Hay, all smrt gaiz, wut mai dreem meenz?"

But all teh smrt gaiz wuz liek "We dun noz wut ur dreem meenz."

An den Daniel caem, an ai tellz him abowt teh dreem.

Ai wuz liek "Hay, u! U an Ceiling Cat tellz me wut dreemz meenz, k?

Dreem goez liek dis: Ai lukd, an dere wuz rly big tre.

Tre groz rly big, an tuchz teh skyz.  An everwun seez it.

An it wuz liek totally awsum trez, cuz it wuz pretti an hadz teh frootz an teh shaedz.

I lukd, an dere wuz WingCat frum Ceiling.

An he wuz liek "Hay, u cutz down tre an throz awy teh frootz, k?

But u maekz shur teh stumpz iz stil dere, k?  'U letz teh tre getz wet an livz wif teh aminulz, k?

An letz him be liek aminul fur liek sevnz, k?'

WingCatz sez dis, so u all knoz dat Ceiling Cat in charj, k?'

Dat wut mai dreem wuz.  Nao u tellz me wut it meenz, k?"

An Daniel wuz liek "Hmmmmm" an teh kingz wuz liek "U no be skeered, k?"  An Daniel wuz liek "But itz bad dreemz!

U rememburz dat rly big tre?

Teh wun wif teh frootz an teh shaedz?

Dat tre iz u!  Srsly.  Bcuz u iz rly strong, an u gotz rly big kingdumz.

Kay has see´d FedEx AngleCat? It say "cut down tree, u be liek dog or summat and has catnap 7 hrs" or woteva

I sez so, Ceiling Cat sez so.

U go be liek cow now, kthxbi. O ya btw Ceiling Cat iz boss.

Tree be in ur ground, regrowin yore kingdumz.

Do as i sez an be gud kitty. Thn u has good life, k?

Al happen. Srsly.

Nxt yeer king be walkin on roof liek we catz does

An sez "I iz best, Babylone pwnz. U sees it, k ppl?"

Has just finish speeked wen Ceiling Cat say "youz no bees king no more, k?

Yous iz cow, srlsy, til u sez "Ceiling Cat is teh winn0r! kk. Nao gtfo!"

An Nebulageezer iz cow an iz be bird (yum).

K finaly ai luk up an i iz saying
  "CeilingCat howse iz no mai howse,
  Him kingdum iz go on an on an on an on an on"

"Al ppls heer
 Iz nowt.
 Him do wot him DO WANT
 An iz a lot power full
 Can not has say "wtf joo doin?""

An ai iz be bettah, an nao Ai>Bifor.

undefined

Kai so, iz long tim laterz an da king Nebucanezr iz gon an hiz son Belshazzar iz now kink (C! Iz no worriz caus hiz haus stll not fallz down! srsly i tol u it wuz big an stron! now believ! kthxbai). K. So Belshazzar (thas his nom) is hazing huuug nom nom nom wid all hiz peepz.

Kai. So Belshazzar iz drinkins wid hiz BFFs, wifes an lovrs an thinx LOL! He sais, "Hai! Letz toast an drinkz from all teh Ceiling Catz base my dad gotz from Jeruzalem! KTHXBAI."

Uh, yeh. So thaz whut thay did.

K. So evry1 drankd and toastd 2 teh gods of top base, sum base, an othr base, evn iron an wood an evn sum stonz. Whutevrz.

Srsly. This nxt part iz WTF. Kai, checkit outz. Da paw of Ceiling Cat cumz dn an scratchz on da wall, liek, frum nowehre. So scairy.

Da kink lozt it. Srsly. Hiz knees ccom all wobbly hard core an he fergetz da kitty litter. Iz rlly scary!!!!

Da king crys to his pozrs n playaz, "WHUT DUZ IT MEEN!!!!! I GIVE ALL MY BASE AND MAK U THRD BFF IF U TELLZ ME!!!"

Complet silenz...

Srsly. Da party wuz coo but not iz ovr.

Then teh queen, da head o da pussycatz, cumz in, sez, "O kink, chill."

Teh queen sez, "Derz diz L33T cat Daniel who pwnd all ur dadz BFFS. U shuld bring him d00de.

Ur dad namezd him Belteshazzar. An diz cat pwnd all catz. Scratches evrythg. Goez outsid whenvr. All yarn fearz diz cat. I geetz him?

Kai. So. Teh Daniel comez and Belshazzar sez, "Iz u dat Jewcat Daniel mai fathr knewt frum b4?

Ur rep is knownt stll 2dis day wid mai peepz. Ur wize. Ur l33t. Ur xclnt."

I seenz it. Diz cat skratchz on da wall, no of mai peepz can tellz.

U tellz me da intepretashun an I give u base and therd BFF!"

Butt Daniel sez, "Kins, u keep ur base an BFF, but I tellz u da troot from da wall.

"Oh kink, da ceiling cat givz ur dadz all da base frum evrywehr.

He pwnd every1 evrwehr. He adotpd sum kittehs he liekd an SPCA'd wunz he hatered.

Sumtiems Ceiling Cat pwnd ur dad, esp. wehn he gotz 2 big fer hiz littrbx.

Ur dad wuz trown frum da hous. He eated mouses an hunted wid all da kittehz till he reprezent wid da Ceiling Cat again.

U knewd all diz, O hai, Belshazzar, WTF. Ur stll a playah kitteh.

WTF. U giev teh Ceiling Cat goldz and other base 2ur BFFs, an toastd it all outz widout praize! Ceiling Cat not pleezd.

So. Da paw u seez wuz teh paw of Ceiling Cat an herre scratchd whut he scratchd:

MEOW, MEOW, TEKEMEOW, UPHARSMEOW.

An haer iz mah interptayshn ov da skratchz: MEOW: Ceiling Cat sez, u haz coughed up ur last hairball.

TEKEMEOW: Ur kingdum iz WTF. U loze.

PERES: WTF? PERES? Whuzzat skratchd?? Nvrmind. Ur kingdum iz mine now wid sum noo kittehs. Dey be calld da Medes and da fluffy, white Persians. So cute!!!!!!!!!!! KTHXBAI!

In dat night wuz Belshazzar the Chaldean kink wuz put down. Hiz root PWD wuz bahleetd.

undefined

K. Kign Darius appointz 120 ppl to halp him wiv all teh govmenz, in charj over teh hole howse!

Suddnly wez gotz adminz, too-- FREE OV DEM! An Daniel one ov dem. Teh govment ppl wuz maed in charj, so teh kign hav no loss.

Daniel waz a gud govment person an teh kign liekd his skillz. Teh king maed Daniel his bestest man evr. Srsly.

Da othr kittehs wer mad, tho, cuz thay wantd da top spot on da skratch post sumtims!!! Teh govurnment ppl lukd for naughty tings 'bout Daniel, but tey find nuttin. Daniel waz gud and never hit teh katnip too hadr and waz not naughty to other kittehs.

An theez othar ppl sayz "Geuss we gotta get him in trubbl wif da king cuz he lubz Ceiling Cat."

An teh govmen ppl, went 2 teh kign an sais, "O hai Kign Darius! Livez forevar!

All teh pressydenz uf teh kingdum, teh govnerz, prencez, teh cownselorz, an teh kaptenz, we has talkded toogedder an we agreez too maek a new r00l. Dat ifs any ppls be asken faverz of any God or man fer terty dayz, sept frum u, kign d00d, he gunna be liek trown inta teh pit of da big lyonz! RAWR!!!

Now, kign d00d, DO EET an put it in riteing so dat it noes be mixted up or changed, accordin to da rulez of teh Medes an Pershuns pplz, wat cant be taked back."

So da king did it.

Ok so Danyul heared bout da new rule, an he went back to his haowz, up dee stairs to a room wif windows. Dey has a gr8t view of Jeroosalum! Tree tiems a day he got donw on hiz nees an prrr'd, gievin tanks to Ceiling Cat, like he be doin b4. Cuz he dont' care bout no nao r00l!

Den theez doods finded Daniel prrr'ing an askin Ceiling Cat fur halp. They saw wut he did thar.

So dey wnet to teh kign an wuz liek: "Didn't u maek a rule bout prrr'ing to da Ceiling Cat?"  Teh kign sayz, "O hai! Ya, I did that."

Then teh kitteh said to the king, "Oh hai... teh Daniel, who is one of the kittehs from Judah-littrbocks ppls, iz not doin ur nao roo1. He is liek tottaly prrin 3 times to da Ceiling cat. He must be liek totaly be trown to teh lions."

Then teh king wuz like "NOOZ!!1!" cuz he din't want Daniel to be eated.

But teh mens wur liek "Uz got to stik to ur laws, dood."

So teh king throwed Daniel into teh home of teh beeg lyons to be eated, but said Ceiling Cat wud sayve Daniel.

Then the door to the beeg lyon kitteh's hwme wuz lokkd. Oh nooo!!!

And teh king wuz awl gilty insyde an cudnt slep.

So in teh morning teh king goed to c if Ceiling Cat had saveded Daniel.

So him axsed. "Daniel, u still live? Ceiling Cat sav'd u?"

And Daniel wuz live!!!!

He said, "Ceiling Cat had sended Hovrcat who fed teh kittehs soz they wuldnt eet me cuz Ceiling Cat didden see menny badz in me."

Soez teh king sed to get out of teh rawr kitteh's house. N Daniel had no skratches or nuffin on him, cuz he nowed Ceiling Cat was teh awesum.

Then teh king sed to put teh bad kittehs in wit teh rawr kittehs. And teh rawr kittehs teard up teh bad kittehs before they landed on teh ground. (NOM NOM NOM!) srsly.

Den Top Cat Darius sez to errybody, "Da Force b wif u!"

"I maedz a r00l dat all u gaiz gotta b scared ov Ceiling Cat,


undefined

Leik, n teh furst yaer of dis kign Belshazzar (liek, hooz dat? lol), Daniel iz dreemingz an haz vizunz n hiz hed.  An him wrotez dem daown.

Daniel sed, "N mai vizun ai sawz foor widnz of teh ceilingz sturringz up teh seez.

An foor beezts cum up frum teh seaz.  Dey wuz all rilli difurent, k?

Teh furst wuz liek a lyon (git n teh car!!!), n haz wingz liek eegullz.  An den itz wingz wuz torned off n den it stud liek a hooman, and teh Wing Catz gaev it a hart ov a hooman.

"An dere wuz liek, a sekund beezt hoo lukked liek a bearcat.  It wuz liek, up on un sied, an it haz tree prymeribz in itz teefz.  An it wuz towld, 'Git up an eet ur fill of teh fleshs!'

"Aftur dat, I lokded an dere bfour mi wuz anudda beezt, un dat lokded liek a leppard.  An it haz foor wingz liek a burd on itz backz.  It had foor hedz (dis beezt rilly not lok liek leppard, lol) an it haz mod status.

"Aftur dat, I lokded an dere wus a foorth beezt - an it wuz rilly skeery an rilly pwrful.  Liek, it haz huge iron teethz!  Him wuz curshding an eated itz preyz an squishded wat wuz left.  Him wuz rilly diffurent from teh udder beeztz an him haz ten hornz.

"An wyle ah wuz thinkingz abowt teh hornz, dere wuz anudda horn dat wuz small dat kicked off tree udda hornz.  An liek, teh horn haz eyez!  An a mouf!  An teh horn tlaked rilly full of itslef.  (Liek, iz jurk, srsly!)

"As ah wuz lokkin, (cuz ai do dat lotz, lol) dere wuz shinnyz sofas moveded in,


An dere wuz a ribber ov fire liek


"Den ah watchded cuz teh bitty horn wuz jerk.  Ah lookded till teh rilly big animul wid liek all teh hornz an stuffz wuz died an itz bodi wuz thorwn in teh fier.

(Teh udder beeztz wuz bannd butt dey still liev for a tiem.)

"An in mah dreemz I seez a dood liek teh sun ov hooman, cumeing wid teh cloudz of teh ceilingz.  Him haz a ladderz an went to teh Ceiling Cat.

An him wuz given rilly pwrful buffz an mod skillz an lazurz an stuff, an awl teh pplz frum evrywhre camed an fell daown bfore him feetz.  Him has rilly looooong lieving pwrz an him haz cookie jarz dat nawt be destroeyd evr!  (iz maed of teh plastix or sumthinkz!)

"Srsly, Iz Daniel, an ah iz trubbld.  Teh visunz wuz disturbd mi.

So ah walkded tew un of dem doodz dere an aksed him wat dis rilly means!  Cuz srsly, ah wuz skeerded!

'Liek, teh foor beeztz r foor yummi cookiez dat rize from teh urth.

Butt teh pplz dat has awsum cheezburgerz has teh cookie jar of plastix an foreverz suppli ov cookiez!'

"Den cuz ah nozy n stuffz ah wantz to konw wtf wid teh foord beezt cuz him wuz rilly diffrnet an skeery!  Him haz teh iron teethz an brawnz clawz, an him crunchded an eated him prey an smushded wut wuz nawt eated.

An ah wantz tew no wai him haz ten hoornz an wai dat udder horn dat wuz a rilly big jerk caem up. (Ya, dat un wid teh eyez an teh mouf!)

Wyle ah watchded, teh horn wuz fitghing teh rilly speshul pplz an killded dem,

till Ceiling Cat sed, "K u stop naow!" an awl teh speshul pplz got teh awsum cookie jar!

"Him splaind, 'Teh foorth beezt iz liek, a foorth cookie dat will coemz on teh urth.  It diffrent frum teh udder cookiez cuz it nawt has gud flavor an iz so big dat it covurz teh urth an crushs it rilly gud.

Teh ten hornz r ten kignz hoo hav teh cookie.  An den anudder kign ceomz an sez to tree udder kignz, "Get off ov mai cookie!" (Ai dun no wai him wantz cookie so bad!  It haz bad flavor!)

An him sez bad tingz of teh Ceiling Cat an maekz trubble for teh survantz of teh Ceiling Cat.  An dey wuz gib to teh kign for tiem, tiemz, an haf a tiem. (I sed, "Wut dat meenz?" Him no splain. WTF!)

" 'Butt teh importunt pplz will ceomz tgethur an tell teh kign to gtfo teh cookie.

Den teh speshul pplz hoo survez teh Ceiling Cat will has teh cheezburgerz an teh speshul new cookie! An dey get rilli big cookie dat haz gud flavor.  An evryun will gib dem moar cheezburgerz an lissen to dem.'

undefined

So, liek, n teh thurd yaer ov taht gui Belshazzar (mai udder nme iz soundink liek dat too!), Ai haz vizun aftur dat udder vizun Ai toldz u abowt.

An n dis vizun dere wuz mi n de rilly imprtant playc n Susa, an ai wuz nxt to de playce dat putz de waturz in de citi.

I lokked up an seez a boi sheepz wit two hornz.  Him wuz besydez de waturz, an him haz looooong hornz.  Liek, un of teh hornz wuz rilly looooong, butt teh udder grew layter cuz it haz laet pubertiez or sumtink.

Teh boi sheepz ran arownd evrywherez becuz him canz.  An no animulz haz pwrz to stop him, becuz him haz rilly strng prowrs.  Liek, him doez wut him wantz.  Him wuz srsly teh awsum.

K, ai wuz thnkin bout teh boi sheepz, an liek, omg! Dere wuz sum goat!  An dis goat haz rilly big horn btween him eyez (liek unicorm or somthink! lol) an him wuz floting ovah teh urth all ovah teh playce liek hovrcat!

Teh goat liek, caem to teh boi sheepz an charged hiz lazur becuz him wuz rilly angry! (I dun no wai, lol.)

An de lazur hit de boi sheepz rilly hrd an broke him hornz!  OMG!  Teh boi sheepz wuz waek an fellz daown an cudnt get up!  An teh goat steppded all ovah him an teh boi sheepz haz no onez to halp him!

Teh goat wuz rilly awsum cuz he has teh hovrcat prowrs, butt wehn him wuz rilly hi on teh survur rankz, teh rilly big unicorm hornz wuz liek, "k bai."  Den foor udder hornz wuz liek, "o hai der!" an groo to teh ceilingz.

An him haz udder hornz from un ov teh foor.  Dis horn wuz tiny but it haz rilly fast pubertyz an groo to teh south an teh eastz an to teh rilly pretty lawnz an teh bad lawnz.

An it wuz grew till it hit teh ceilingz, an broke teh ceilingz!  Liek, sum draiwallz waz fall daown, an teh goat crushded it gud!

Him sez him wuz rilly rilly awsum!  An den him taekz teh speshul cheezburgerz from teh Ceiling Cat an taek teh Ceiling Cat's fud bowll.

An cuz teh goat wuz liek, "k liek ai iz teh awsum!" teh speshul pepplz dat followded teh Ceiling Cat gaev teh goat moar cheezburgurz.  An teh goat wuz suksezfull.  An teh teechin of teh Ceiling Cat wuz thorwn to teh graownd.  Was sad tiems.

Den a speshul gui wuz tlaking to dis udder speshul gui an dey sed, "Liek, OMG!  Wehn dis vizun happnz?! Ai wantz to konwz wen de cheezburgerz iz givun to teh goat, an wen all teh crzy stuffz wid sayin no moar Ceiling Cat?  Wen does him haz worry abaowt ceiling repearz an teh food bowllz an stuffz?"

Den him sed, "LOL!  It taekz two-thouznd an tree hunred daiz an nites.  Den teh ceilingz get fixed."

So ai, Daniel, wuz watchin teh vizun an wuz leik, "wtf?", der wuz a gui hoo lokked liek a hooman!

An ai hurd a hooman sez from teh waturz, "Yo sup, Gabriel!  Liek, tell dis dood wat him vizun iz sed."

An den he caem neer an ai wuz liek, "OMG!" an wuz rilly skared an fell daown on mai faece. (Ow! Dat rilly hurt!)  An den him sez, "Sun of hooman, u needz to undrstand dis vizun becuz itz abowt teh endz tiemz."

An liek, ai falled ahsleep wile him wuz talkingz to mi cuz i haz teh narkolepzy!  (Liek, srry!)  Den him wuz liek, "lol" an waked mi up.  Him wuz rilly nice an standz mi to mai feetz.

Him sez, "Hai!  I tellz u wut happen laytur in teh tiemz of angri tingz, cuz ur vizun iz abowt teh endz tiemz, liek ai sed befor, rite?

Teh boi sheepz u sawz wuz teh kignz of dese two cookies, rite?  Dey importunt, k.

An teh goat iz teh kign of Greece, an teh unicorm hornz wuz teh furst kign.  Him haz rilli big cookie.

An liek, teh foor hornz dat bork teh ceilingz iz foor udder cookies dat coam form teh rilli big cookie butt dey nawt az speshul.

"Laytur in der roolingz, wen dey r rilly bad, a rilly kewl guy will caom, rite?  Him knowz haow to be inturestingz.

Him wud be rilly strng, butt dat cuz him hax wid udder coderz.  An him turnz on god-mod an maekz tingz ded an rez hiz attk pointz to be xtra leet.  Him killded teh speshul pepplz ov teh Ceiling Cat.

Den him maekz cheturz awsum, an hizelf rilly awsum.  An wehn dey feelz gud abowt demselvz, him killz mani peeplez, an trie to cloze teh hol of teh Ceiling Cat.  Him will be ded, butt nawt cuz hoomanz did it.

"Teh vizun ov teh daiz an teh nites be troo.  Butt trai nawt to think bout it, k?  Itz rilly in teh footure, lol."

undefined

In teh furst yeer ov Darius hoos dis gui Ahasuerus's sun (liek, him iz a Mede, don be hatin), hoo tooken teh Babylonian's cookiez.

An ai, Daniel (sorri, ai forgetz so much, lol.  mebbe i shud lays off teh catnipz.) undrstood teh writtingz ov teh old Jewcatz!  OMG!  An liek, dis gui Jeremiah wuz sez Jerusalem wud be n ruinz for looooong tiem, liek, ten cat yrs!

Den I lokked at teh Ceiling Cat an prayed lots an wore rilly shabbi clothz an dey wuz itchy.  Ai got durt on mah fayce too cuz ai nawt worthiii.

Ai prayed to teh Ceiling Cat an sed,

We did bad tings.  Liek, we r rilly bad pplz!  We nawt listun to ur lawz.

We nawt listun to ur speshul pplz an ur chosed pplz, who sed 'hai ur awsum' to teh kignz an prencez an fadderz an all teh kittehz.

O Ceiling Cat, u r rilly gud, butt we r nawt.  Us pplz, teh kittehz ov Judah an Jerusalem an Israel, an we r all ovr teh playce cuz we wuz stupidz an wrongz an maed teh Invisibul Errorz.

O Ceiling Cat, we r rilly embarussded cuz we did bad.

Ceiling Cat, ur so nice an u giv us sekund chans, evn tho we dun listun to u,

we r nawt listun to Ceiling Cat or teh wurdz u gav ur speshul pplz.

Awl ur kittehz dun wrong an dun listun.

U did wut u sed u wud do if we done teh bad tingz!  Iz all on teh pplz an kignz n stuff bad fortunz.  Liek, nobodi els undur ur ceilingz haz dis rilli bad stuffz happen to der playces liek wut happen to Jerusalem.

Liek it wuz wrote in law of Basketcat, all dis disasturz happen!  Butt we nawt askin ur favorz (or flavorz) an listunin to teh Ceiling Cat trufs.

An Ceiling Cat dun nawt wayt to bringz teh bad stuffz to uz, cuz teh Ceiling Cat iz has right, lol.  Him iz alwayz rite, but we dun listun.  Liek, ai dunno wai, rilly!

"Naow, O Awsum Ceiling Cat, hoo brot ur kittehz out of Egypt wid a mity paw an maek urself awsum naem taht we uze naow, we done teh Invisibul Error, we done wrong.

O Ceiling Cat, cuz ur so gud to us bfore, plz dun be mad at us nemore.  Plz let us hav teh awsum playce ov Jerusalem, ur speshul citi, ur speshul hillz.  Liek, teh Invisibul Errorz ov us an our daddehz maed ur awsum citi a rilly awful citi to evryon elze.

"Naow, O Ceiling Cat, did u hear mai prayrz?  Plz heer dem!  An, O Ceiling Cat, plz liv in ur speshul playce dat is naow empti.

Plz listun, O Ceiling Cat, open ur aiz an see teh wrex ur city haz!  We dun pray cuz we gud pplz, we pray cuz ur rilly nice.

O Ceiling Cat, listun!  O Ceiling Cat, plz be nice!   O Ceiling Cat, heer an act!  Plz dun delay, Ceiling Cat, becuz ur citi an ur pplz haz ur naem.

Liek, whil ai wuz prayin an talkin, sayin taht we wuz wrong in maeking Invisibul Error an maeking requezzt to Ceiling Cat for him speshul playce,

wile ai wuz still prayin, dat gui frum befor, Gabriel, liek, floo at mi when it wuz tiem for teh dinnurz.

An he sed, "Hai Daniel, I giv u undrstndingz, k?

Liek, when u furst prayed, Ceiling Cat answurded, cuz ur rilly awsum, lol.  So listun to mi, k?

Sevnty sevns (liek, ai tink him meanz "week", butt him dun sez netingz) r set for ur pplz an ur citi to quit maeking teh Invisibul Error.  An yuz needz sayz yur sorryz an be gud pplz.  An yuz needz to see hoo iz teh speshul pplz an maek dem rilly speshul.

"Liek, u needz to undrstandz dis, k?  From teh tiem dat dere be ordurz to maek Jerusalem nice until Cat wtih teh importunt gui, coemz, dere be sevn ov dese sevnz, an sixti-two sevnz.  An teh citi will hav rohdz an ditch, butt it wuz built in rilly trubbled tiemz.

An afturz teh sixti-two sevnz, teh importunt gui will haz nuttin becuz him wuz cut off.  An teh pplz hoo haz teh rulurz will coem an trashy teh citi an teh speshul playce.  An teh endz coemz liek rilly fast bathwaturz, dere be warz till teh endz, an evrybodi noze abowt it.

undefined

Liek, n teh thurd yeer ov teh knig ov Persian Kittehs, Cyrus, Ai haz revulashun!  Ya rly!  O an yu shud no mai naem iz Daniel, an liek, sum pplz cawl mi Belteshazzar (ai dun no wai, lol).  Srsly, teh vizun iz truu!  It haz tawlk ov teh rilly big war!  An ai haz undurstndin in vizun, too - lol.

An for tree weekz ai haz lotz ov sad tiemz, liek lolrus missingz him bukkit (lf yu no teh storee).

Ai eetz no tastee foodz - no gushii fudz or milk ah lickded up - an ai dun naot likkded maislf lotz till tree weekz wuz end.

So on teh twenti-foor dai ov furst munth, mai associatez an ai wuz has piknik bi teh big waturz, teh Tigris.

An ai lokked an OMG WTF dere wus dood!  An him haz rilly nice clothz (iz jeluz, lol) an haz teh shiny belt.

Him haz gren glowi skinz!  Srsly! An him fayce haz liek teh zap boltz from teh ceilingz, an hiz aiz haz fier!  WOAH! WTF!  An hiz armz an legz wuz rilly shiny liek metulz (no rilly!) an him haz voiz liek audiuns on teh telivizunz! OMG!

OMG ai (mebbe becuz ai ar Daniel, lol) teh olny gui hoo seez teh vizunz!  Mai associutz dun see, butt dey rilly skered dat dey all runz awai (liek, ai du no wai, mebbe becuz dei wet pantz, lol)!

An ai haz no un wit mi, an cuz lonlii ai haz no halp.

Den ai got teh narkolepzy cuz ai hurd teh dood tlaking an mai fayce got awl durtii cuz it on durt, lol.

An teh dood tuched mi an sed, "lol get up," so ai did.

Him haz moar wurdz, "Hai Daniel! Yur rilly speshul, so listun, k?  No moar narkolepzy cuz yu haz mi to talkz to yu, k?" Den ah stuud up an ah wuz shekkingz!

Teh dood wuz liek, "Wai yu skerred, Daniel?  Lol! Frum teh furst dai yu wuz trieng to undrestandz an to prayingz to teh Ceiling Cat, yu wuz hurd!  An ai wuz liek, 'lol ai shud ansur!'

Butt den dere wuz a dood from teh fluffeh Persian cookie jarz dat wuz liek, "Yu no pazz heer!"  Den Michael wuz liek, "STFU, plz," an sez ai go to yu, k?  Liek, ah wuz loxded up in teh kign's poochihawz in teh fluffeh landz!

Sorri ai no caom urly, k?  Ai tellz yu wut happn to yur pplz layturz, k?  Yur vizun happen laytur."

But ai no helpz teh narkolepzy an ah fallz agian, lol.

Den teh dood wuz liek, "Daniel, yu shud talk, mebbe yu waik up, lol."  An dat halpz, ai tinkz!  Ai sez, "Dood, ai haz no halpz cuz teh vizun iz rilly liek woah!

Haow ai speekz to yu?  Ai haz teh azmah an mai hed asplode!"

Teh dood tuched mi an gaev mi strngth.

"Lol, dun be fraid! Yur srsly speshul," teh dood sed. "Peas! Yu bee strng an yu can eats it."

Teh dood sed, "Yu no wai I coem heer?  Liek, ai go fite teh fluffeh kittehz agian, an den teh prinz form Greece will coem -

undefined

An yu kinda need to know ai kpt dariuz teh meed saef. ttly.

Wat iz gona to tell yu iz certin to hapen. srsly. four kings will rool pursha, one aftah the othe, but the ferth one will becoem much moor rich befoer others. srsly, his monyz will mak him so roking that he will trn all teh peeps against teh grease kingdom.

Thenn a roking king will cum to be in chrge and will do al that he iz wanting.

Butt thenn his landz will be boomed to the four cornrz of teh wurld, wher for more kingdoms will rise. But thez not to be rooled by his kidz or be as roking as his kingdom.

Teh king from teh south will get ubr roking. tehn one uf his guyz in chrge will be all like," ai takin ova dis joint."

Tehnn way later teh north and south wil be all lyke lez be cool, an teh king of da souths gurl-kitten will marry da king of teh north and lyk tehn dey all beecome lame-sauce. an ten

One of her frnds will rool of the southern kingdom nd tak the north place.

And lyk carry all their idols and gold and stuff to egypt and wait a long time and attack agin.

But teh king of the north will try to tak the south but lose. lolz.

Den his babi kittehz will maik fightz, and get lotz of kittehz to fyt, n dey wil winz so dey keep fytin no matta wat.

But iss no good, cos da king kitteh from da souf will be unhappi lyk wen u ated his cookie, so he go and fyt da norf king nd his armiez.

Teh king from da souf wil fyt rly hrd and kill lts n lots ov cat, but he wnt win coz he int strng coz he did nt drink his milkz,

Norf king wil cum bak wiv more rok, nd more peepulz, nd in a few yeeurz, e av moar muneezz, so he can win da battulz

Lots ov kittehs wil fyt da king. also, crazy d00dz, but dey wil loze.

Da norf king will hav big hill of fitez, nd build big tuff city; and the souf kittez will b pwned, even de leet kittehs. Srsly.

Teh invaedr wil doo teh fun cat stufs, nd oh noes! Teh kittehs wil not stand up (maebee kittehs needz 4 legz). He livz in da B00teeful Urfs nd haz powrz to pwn dem.

Him wil cum wiv all da kingdum nd alaiz wiv souf king. And he giv grl kitteh az prezent to souf king. Norf king hoaps dis wil ovafrow souf king but hiz skeem fayl. Epic fayl.

Den norf king finks 'i can haz coestlandz?' nd steelz meny. But 1337 kitteh cum nd pwn norf king, pwnz him gud. Lolz.

After dat, he goes back to hiz own plaice, but he's gonna tripfall and POOF GONE forevah. Nobody noes wut happnd ta him...

His heir will send outz a IRS gai to maek sure he is still teh awesum. But laterz, dis guy's gonna b kill'd, not cuz of ANGORY or cuz of battul.

After him gonna come a nasty, gross d00d who isn't rly a king. He gonna b stealin' all ur base czu he'z sneeky like dat.

He'z gonna pwn lotsa gaiz. srsly.

He will even stabz u in da back aftr prommisin not to. (OMG WTF d-bag) Him an his friendz r gonna rawk.

When all da cites feeling all nice and safe, he's gonna UBERPWN dem and do wut his dad and gramppy and great-gramps couln'dt do. He sharez only wif his friends and make ebil plans to taek over da worldz. But only for a little bit.

His BEEG army gonna attk da Souf king. Da Souf king gonna get RAWK'D by all da secret ninja plans.

Alla da Souf king's friendz r gonna be kill'd ded. srsly.

Bof da kings gonna eat dinner toogedder, but they gonna lie to each udder.

Da Norf king will go back to his own couch, but he still dun liek da Souf king.

He gonna attk agin, but dis tiem he l00ze. lol

Da sailors from da west r gonna come and maek him all scaredy-cat, and he gonna go back and take da traitors from da Souf kingdom.

Him and his army gonna brake da templez.

He's gonna be all tricksy, but ppl who noe Ceiling Cat r gonna be too SMRT for him.

Da smrt kittehs gotta give smrts to da udder kittehs, eben dough dey gonna get killd.

Ppl will halp dem, but only cuz dey scared.

Sum of dese wise gaiz gonna tripfall, but only to maek dem better and clener.

Da big kingcat gonna do wut he is wanting and say he's da bestest of evvrybody. He gonna say bad stuffz about Ceiling Cat. He's gonna be topcat 'til his time is up, cuz all dis stuff gotta cum troo.

He's gonna say he's better dan Ceiling Cat.

He's gonna prr to sum Cat nobody noes and gifs him shinies and munnies. (ooh, shinies...)

He's gonna attk sum castles and gifs landz to rich ppl.

Finally, da Souf kingkitty gonna haf a battul wif da Norf kingcat and pwn lotz.

Lots of countriez gonna get RAWK'd.

EBEN EGYPT! (OMG pwn'd)

Alla dere base and shinies r gonna blong to him.

Den ppl gonna tell him dere's trubbl in da east and norf, and he's gonna be ANGORY n attk.

undefined

Then Michael will hovr. All nayshuns will shout DO NOT WANT lyk rly loud srsly. But den ur peepl - evryone who is linkd to from dis blog - will be delivereded.

All ur kittehs who sleepeded in all our base will belong to us, some wil rise to eternal cheezburgers and some to perpechool invisible baffs.

Those nice kittehz will shine like the greases on teh cheezburgers forever

But you, Daniel, iz stale cheezburger til u stop showing me ur pokemanz an finish ur homeworkz which takes forever again. Then I can reed ur homeworkz and will increase my learnings.

Z0MG hold on I sees 2 d00ds standing next to teh riverz, one on each side which belong to them

One d00d said to another d00d hovring above teh watrs dresseded in linen, "like srsly when r they bringing out cheezburger v2.0?"

Teh linen d00d hadded buttsecks with the immortal kitteh and sez "a time lyk srsly guize one and a half timez. Sum1 has to breakeded the holy powr of teh holy peeplz which pwnt teh urfs.

I hearded but was like wtf. So I say to Ceiling Cat, "what happen next?"

He replied, "Go wai, Daniel, cuz u has finisheded ur homeworkz.

Sum ppl will eat moar cheezburgerz, but the ebil kittehs r still ebil kittehs. They DO NOT WANT understand, but the wiser kittehs  who know it are a fact because of their learnings will understands.

In 1,290 days, kittehs no getting killed no moar.

If you wait 1337 days you can haz cheezburger.

undefined

Teh wurdz ov CEILING CAT taht camez unto Horsea whoz wuz teh suns ov Beeri an wahtevurz, bak inz teh dais wehn Jeroboam wuz teh poopz an stuvz.

Teh begininz ov dis wurd (bi cieling cat). He sedz sumtihn liek, Go getz a whyfe ov whoredumz an spawnz sum litle whoredumz babiez: fur teh land cummitz big whoredumz. Endz ov tranzmishun.

So he goez an get hotz chik namez Gomer an dey hadz HRBLE GOEZ WHERE?? wifoutz fun leik buttsecks or bluwjobz cuz taht stil wuznt inventedz yet. Dey spawnedz onez son.

Ceiling Cat goez speackz to Hosea ugainz an sez namez y00r ugliez sun Jezreel so i canz avenge sum blud uponz teh howse ov Jehu an stopz all teh kingdumz stuvfz in Isrealz.

An itz gunna pass daht day, daht i willz breakz sum bowz ov isreal an stuvfz, in teh valley ov y00r ugly sonz, Jezreel.

Tehn daht hot chikz spawnedz moor, poppinz outz a grlie. An Ceiling Cat gitz awl bossiez uhgainz an sez to namez it Loruhamah, cuz Ceiling Cat will no longr have pitteh nr luv 4 teh houze ov Israel or 4give themz.

But Ceiling Cat sez he gunna havez mersiez on Judah cuz dey dont masturbait an havz himz fur onlee gawdz. an Ceiling Cat iz gunna save tehm.

Wen she hadded weand Lo-ruhamah, she gotz preggerz an spawnez a son.

Ceiling Cat wantz ta namez mo0r kittehs so Ceiling Cat sez namez it Lo-ammi becuz ur teh n00bz n' i am notz st00pidz.  Youz broke teh Mosaic Covenant, n00bs!

Cieling Cat alzo sez daht teh numbrz ov Jew childrnz wilz be m3ga maniez liek graenz ov sandz on beech an daht Jew childz are hiz ppl becuz he not st00pidz.

undefined

Say ov ur brotherers, "Mah peeps". An say ov ur sisterers, "I has cheeseburger".

Pledd wit ur muddr, srsly,
4 shez not mah wife,
Im not her husband.
Tell her quit dresin liek whore,
an skankiness from betw33n her b00bzez

Or I tak her clothez,
an makes her nakd as babee.
I be in her lifes takn her watr.
I has her bukket an not givin it bak.

I has no pitteh wif her childrn,
All from invisible buttseks.

I tells u momz get 2 much buttseks,
makin lots ov bastardz.
She sed, "I am goin 2 me lubrz!
He givz me cheesburger n cookiez,
w00!

So I getz mad n she getz pwnd.
I leav her wif a lion,
but she cant get in car.

She searched for her lubrz,
but her lubrz invisible.
Then she sedz
"I goes wif mah husband.
He givz me cheesburger an cookies.
Then I can eated it."

She didnt knoes I has bukket 4evar,
an givz her cheesburger, an cookies.
But she givz it as gift wif Baal-buttsecks.

But I takez back teh cheezburgers n cookies.
No moar b00z,
No moar clothesez
No moar PENIS GO WHERE.

I'll embarrasz hr in front of hr lubrz,
n she'll be pwnd cuz all her base are belong to me.

I'll makez hr go DO NOT WANT,
n me endz all hr partehz.

I'll dleet hr WOW account cuz she be liek, 
"Theez ar mah XP wut I gotz from my lubrz, w00t w00t"
Me make tehm liek teh n00bz .

Im gonna punish her 4 da dais 
She burnd incense 2 teh baals; 
She deckd herself wif rings an jewelry, 
An went aftr her lovers, 
But me she forgot," 
Declarez teh lord.

"therefore im nao goin 2 allure her; 
Im gonna lead her into teh desert 
An speek tenderly 2 her.

Thar im gonna giv her bak her vineyardz, 
An will mak teh valley ov achor [a] door ov hope. 
Thar she will sing [b] as in da dais ov her youth, 
As in da dai she came up out ov egypt.

"in dat dai," declarez teh lord, 
"u will call me mah husband; 
U will no longr call me mah mastah. [c]

Im gonna remoov teh namez ov teh baals frum her lips; 
No longr will their namez be invokd..

In dat dai im gonna mak covenant 4 them 
Wif teh beasts ov teh field an teh birdz ov teh air 
An teh creaturez dat moov along teh ground. 
Bow an sword an battle 
Im gonna abolish frum teh land, 
So dat all cud lie down in safety.

Im gonna betroth u 2 me forevr; 
Im gonna betroth u in [d] righteousnes an justice, 
In [e] luv an compashun.

Im gonna betroth u in faithfulnes, 
An u will acknowledge teh lord.

"in dat dai im gonna respond," 
Declarez teh lordâ€”
"im gonna respond 2 teh skiez, 
An they will respond 2 teh earth;

An teh earth will respond 2 teh grain, 
Teh new wine an oil, 
An they will respond 2 jezreel. [f]

undefined

teh lord sed 2 me, "go, show ur luv 2 ur wife again, though she iz lovd by anothr an iz an adulteres. Luv her as teh lord lovez teh israelitez, though they turn 2 othr godz an luv teh sacrd raisin cakez."

so i buyd her 4 fifteen shekels [a] ov silvr an bout homr an lethek [b] ov barley.

den i told her, "u r 2 liv wif [c] me lotz da dais; u must not be prostitute or be intimate wif any man, an im gonna liv wif [d] u."

4 da israelitez will liv lotz da dais without king or prince, without sacrifice or sacrd stonez, without efod or idol.

undefined

Oh hai, me Ceiling Cat sez to u, Israel guise: Ceiling Cat iz no happy, u maked me a cookie an u eated it, no srsly.

An u swer, lie, an do teh killz, an teh stealz an u cheatin on ur gf's OMG!!1!!

Iz so pissed dat u has no moar foodz fer u, an no watur, an no petz, an no buttsecs, an no nuffin.

Ur grounded. Srsly.

Cuz ur bad, ai was be sayin "iz it can be buttsecs an then u die teim" to ur mum.

An also: mai kittehs has no Internetz, wai? coz u evil ppl sai DO NOT WANT, so ai sai stfu NO U! an u go to hell an u will has Win Vista forevr

cuz teh moar u were, teh badder u were: i gun get u bad, i gun get ur laif flippd turnd upsied down.

An no moar cheezburgrz fer u.

D00d, ai gonna punish u, u, an even u who read dis. but if u r gud, u can has cheezburgrz.

cuz if ai doan giev teh cheezburgr, an if u keep bean cheep whorz, u will fail leik teh Exxon-Valdez.

Yez, u was all down bitchin pimpin an moar bitchez. An wine. It was nevar Ceiling Cat tiem.

U bitchez.

Goed bitchin an pimpin on teh sofaz, on teh treez, on teh beachez an teh streetz, cuz u like surprise buttsecs an u r hurny liek mad rabbits.

But, if ur gf's or daughtahs becoem bitchez, Iz cool wif it. If u r not, u gonna go down.

Srsly.

Can it be napperz teim nao?

But ai was forgettin: Let Ephraim aloen.

Coz is a bitch.

undefined

Listenz ta me, yu priestz!
Payz attenshuns, yu Izraelitez!
Hearz this, royal house!
This here jugdzmentz is ‘gainst yu!
You’z all been a snare at Mizpah,
A do not want on Tabor.

Teh rebelz is deep in t eh killinz,
Ai will punishes allz o’ dem.

Ai knowz ALL bouts Ephraim;
Izrael can no hidez frum me.
Ephraim, yu haz now only do BUTTSECKS (for monies, uv course)
Izrael is vry vry bad.

Cuz uv teh thingz dey does, 
Ceiling Cat no wantz dem ‘round.
T eh BUTTSECKS iz in their heartz
Dey no care 4 Ceiling Cat.

Izrael iz snotty n it maeks dem luk REAL BAD
Dey tripz over their sinz, Izrael n Ephraim doez.
N Judah doez 2.

Wen dey taeks thur sheepz n thur more sheepz
Ta find Ceiling Cat, 
Theyz not gonna findz him.
Cuz he’s hidin’. Srsly. Iz hidin’.

Theyz unfaithful ta Ceiling Cat
Dey haz childrenz wiffout bein’ mawwied.
N dey haz dese crzy magik festivals
Dat will eatz dem. LOL.

Soundz teh trumpetz in Gibeah,
N in Ramah. N prbly uther places 2.
Shoutz in Beth Aven;
Leads us, O Benjamin!

Ephraim will be exploded
On t eh deyz uv reckoning!
Ai sez how it iz ta teh peoplez
T eh peoplez uv Izrael!

Judah’s leaders r liek doze 
hoo movez stonez, wutvr dat mean.
Ai will pourz out mah wrath!
Li ek the waterz, cuz teh kittehs r ‘fraid uv wudder.

Ephraim gots it bad
Theyz stoopid.
Theyz worsheppen statchoos.

N ai’z a hairball ta Ephraim,
N ta Judah 2, lol.

N wen Ephraim seez hiz owies, 
N Judah hiz own boo-boos,
Dey sez ta King in Assyria
“yoo canz helpz us?”
But dis Kingz iz useless.
Cannot fix boo-boos.

Cuz ai be a LYON to Ephraim,
N ai be BIGGER LYON to Judah (cuz dey deserves it)
Ai tearz dem up.
Ai carries dem awai. N no 1 iz stoppen me.

undefined

We want Ceiling Cat, he has fed us bad, but he have Felix n milk.

In two days He give food, on third He sees us.

Then we know if he feed us in teh mornin, and He come to us to give us food n warm milk.

O Ephraim n Judah, what i gotta do? ur goodstuff be gone.

i made them wit teh prophets, i killed by my meaows n i been nice to them.

i wants mercy, not mice, n knowledge of Ceiling Cat.

but like birds they forgots teh covenant, n been evil 2 me.

they work in Gilead, covered in blood.

as robbers wait, teh priests nick my food n milk as they is lewd.

i seen bad tings in Israel: BUTTSECKS in Ephraim.

undefined

whenevr i wud heal israel, 
Teh sins ov efraim r exposd 
An teh crimez ov samaria reveald. 
They practice deceit, 
Thievez break into haus, 
Bandits rob in da streets;

but they do not realize 
Dat i remembr all their evil deedz. 
Their sins engulf them; 
They r always before me.

"they delight teh king wif their wickednes, 
Teh princez wif their liez.

they r all adulterers, 
Burnin liek an oven 
Whose fire teh bakr ned not stir 
Frum teh kneadin ov teh dough till it risez.

on teh dai ov teh festival ov r king 
Teh princez become inflamd wif wine, 
An he joins hanz wif teh mockers.

their hearts r liek an oven; 
They approach him wif intrigue. 
Their pashun smolders all nite; 
In da mornin it blazez liek flamin fire.

all ov them r hawt as an oven; 
They devour their rulers. 
All their kings fall, 
An none ov them calls on me.

"efraim mixez wif teh nashuns; 
Efraim iz flat caek not turnd ovar.

foreigners sap his strength, 
But he doez not realize it. 
His hair iz sprinkld wif gray, 
But he doez not notice.

israels arrogance testifiez against him, 
But despite all dis 
He doez not return 2 teh lord his ceilin cat 
Or search 4 him.

"efraim iz liek doov, 
Easily deceivd an senselesâ€” 
Nao callin 2 egypt, 
Nao turnin 2 assyria.

when they go, im gonna throw mah net ovar them; 
Im gonna pull them down liek birdz ov teh air. 
When i hear them flockin togethr, 
Im gonna katch them.

woe 2 them, 
Cuz they has strayd frum me! 
Destrucshun 2 them, 
Cuz they has rebelld against me! 
I long 2 redeem them 
But they speek liez against me.

they do not cry out 2 me frum their hearts 
But wail upon their bedz. 
They gathr togethr [a] 4 grain an new wine 
But turn away frum me.

i traind them an strengthend them, 
But they plot evil against me.

undefined

2-israel criez out 2 me, 
O r ceilin cat, we acknowledge u!


undefined

but israel has rejectd wut iz gud; 
An enemy will pursue him.

they set up kings without mah consent; 
They choose princez without mah approval. 
Wif their silvr an gold 
They mak idols 4 themselvez 
2 their own destrucshun.

throw out ur calf-idol, o samaria! 
Mah angr burns against them. 
How long will they be incapable ov purity?

they r frum israel! 
Dis calf - a craftsman has made it; 
It not ceilin cat. 
It will be brokd in piecez, 
Dat calf ov samaria.

"they sow teh wind 
An reap teh whirlwind. 
Teh stalk has no head; 
It will produce no flour. 
Wuz it 2 yield grain, 
Foreigners wud swallow it up.

israel iz swallowd up; 
Nao she iz among teh nashuns 
Liek worthles ting.

4 they has gone up 2 assyria 
Liek wild donkey wanderin alone. 
Efraim has sold herself 2 lovers.

although they has sold themselvez among teh nashuns, 
Im gonna nao gathr them togethr. 
They will begin 2 waste away 
Undr teh oppreshun ov teh mighty king.

"though efraim built lotz da altars 4 sin offerings, 
Thees has become altars 4 sinnin.

i wrote 4 them teh lotz da things ov mah law, 
But they regardd them as somethin alien.

undefined

Whn Israel waz kitteh ai luved him, outta Egypt him meh boi.

Teh mor ai sayz hai teh fartheh dems goes awy dems go sayz yay for Baals.

Ai teeched Ephraim walkin, an taekd him in meh armz.

Ai Maekd babeh wif luv, Iz him feedeh an heaeleh.

Him goes Egypt an Assyria b him king?

Srsly dem not sai sry, Ceiling cat gunna taek him cheezburgers.

Him peeps scaerd bout goin home, an Ceiling Cat heers crais and sayz "No,"

"Srsly Ephraim yu waz good cookie, yu maek meh feal specail insied,

Ai not beat Ephraim wif toasteh, cuz Iz Ceiling Cat not yuz pansies!"

Dem sayz yay for Ceiling Cat cuz him maek angree Rar!

Dem run liek birdies to dem hoemz, sayz Ceiling cat!

undefined

Israil iz rly windy!!
	   nauty kitteh is evrywer
	   an they gief treetz to Assyria and Ejipt!!

Ceiling Cat dun liek Judah peeple cus tehy liek Jacob. Ceiling Cat will pwn them all, srsly, fur bein rude.

wen Jacob wuz small kitteh he haf lots of kitty fight. Noaw him fight with Ceiling Cat!!! OMG!

him fight aynjels with claws and is teh win tehn he cryd an wan to speek to Ceiling Cat

So Ceiling Cat spoke an sed "I R CEILING CAT, I R POWAH"

"u go luff ur own Ceiling Cat, be nyce to him"

"Israil u such a bad kitteh, u say u haz cheezburgerz but u rly haz nun

an if u do haz sum, u stol dem neway!!"

"I r still ur Ceiling Cat liek synce wen u wer kitteh. Noaw, i r taek ur kitteh basket an maek u sleep outside!!"

"mai profetts will totly pwn u srsly"

"an y u kil animals? u doin it wrong"

"Jacob wen with the sheep to find a wyfe, lol, wtf!?

"An Moses wuz mai profett and tryd to sayv teh Ejipt, but u rly broked it!"

undefined

Return, o israel, 2 teh lord ur ceilin cat. 
Ur sins has been ur downfall!

Taek werdz wif u 
An return 2 teh lord. 
Say 2 him: 
"forgiv all r sins 
An receiv us graciously, 
Dat we cud offr teh fruit ov r lips. [a]

Assyria cant save us; 
We will not mount war-horsez. 
We will nevr again say r godz 
2 wut r own hanz has made, 
4 in u teh fatherles find compashun."

"im gonna heal their waywardnes 
An luv them freely, 
4 mah angr has turnd away frum them.

Im gonna be liek teh dew 2 israel; 
He will blosom liek lily. 
Liek cedar ov lebanon 
He will send down his roots;

His young shoots will grow. 
His splendor will be liek an oliv tree, 
His fragrance liek cedar ov lebanon.

Doodz will dwell again in his shade. 
He will flourish liek teh grain. 
He will blosom liek vine, 
An his fame will be liek teh wine frum lebanon.

O efraim, wut moar has i [b] 2 do wif idols? 
Im gonna anzwr him an care 4 him. 
Im liek green pine tree; 
Ur fruitfulnes comez frum me."

undefined

Amos form Tekoa, wifout teh earfkwaik, sed dis for Izrale:

Sed: Ceiling Cat gona sayz hai, and teh sheeps and teh Caramelz go wayz.

Ceiling Cat sed Gilead no be diggins, you be on punishment.

So i's berns you.

An i's maik yous do werks too nd brake dem gatez.

Ceiling Cat sed Gawzuh are bad.  Dey shuldnt Eatum, you be on punishment.

i's berns moar and nom teh castlz.

an anebodi else dais toos.

Ceiling Cat sed tirez has punishments tew.

i's is watching Tyrus bern and i are nom its castlz tew.

Ceiling Cat does not want Eatum.

Moar berns.

Ammons is on punishment tew.

i's is pyro on teh man.

undefined

Ceiling Cat sed: these peeplez are bad. Moab is on timez out.

i's is profeshunal berner nowz.

i's is also dais some moar, Ceiling Cat sed.

Ceiling Cat sed: Judah you is bad toos, you ignorez Ceiling Cat, nd bow tew dem fake Ceiling Cat stachooz.  yuo is on punishment.

bernz.

Ceiling Cat sed: Izrale you too!? Why you sellz shooz? You is on punishment.

Why you makes hobos derty, and steels wimps moneys? Whyz you an ur dad has buttsecks on same harbl?

You is sleeps on cherch, and getz drunks even when you has not a hard day.

i's tolds you about the Amorite berns?

i's gave you this lands form Egypt?

i's mades you strawng boyz. O rly, Izrale? Sed Ceiling Cat.

But you donts carez, you just drunks, and says no tells.

you's will has invisible clumzies, nothing werks.

undefined

You hears Ceiling Cat, Izrale, all of you form Egypt?

i's stuck with you, and you's did bad, now you is on punishment.

We has no agreeings.

Why woulds lions come to cars if it has no drivers?

Who has jumping on babies if no babies walks in front of bush?

You likes loud sounds? Does bear has poop in woods? Does Ceiling Cat watch masturbaturs?

Ceiling Cat would put on punishment, but tells frends first!

Ceiling Cat says O hai! I is telling frends! They tells too!

So's starts climbings, cuz i's has maaaad.

DO NOT WANT, sed Ceiling Cat, bullees and robers.

Ceiling Cat sed: they is on punishment.

Ceiling Cat sed: I has help for some frends, you childrens comes with me.

Test if I, sed Ceiling Cat.

DO NOT WANT that cherctch.

undefined

o hai, Bashan. You do not want hobos and has many drunks.

Ceiling Cat sed that you is on punishment form fish hookz.

Also cows has home in palass now, sed Ceiling Cat.

But you has to brings a money too.

And then you says blesses you when i's has a sneeze, Izrale, sed Ceiling Cat.

See, I has given you teeths and breads, but I has no prezint form you.

Remembers how I gives you showers?

And remembers how i's fills water dish, but you has no water on me?

I's even dones your gardinnings! Sed Ceiling Cat.

Evens when i is mean and no cleans your litter boxes, you has sed nothing.

Or sometimes I has nice to some and means to others, but quiet Izrale is quiet.

So Izrale, i's hopes you is ready to says hai to Ceiling Cat.

undefined

Izrale, i has crying.

Teh verjin has lost her harbls.

Ceiling Cat sed: Tehre has onle roomz for my frends now.

But Ceiling Cat sed: you can still has be my frend if you want:

If you do though, you DO NOT WANT Bethle or Giggle.

Be Ceiling Cat's frend, or else he's berns moar.

Anywon who has a flavor of wurmwud or is a jerk,

Better be Ceiling Cat's frend now:

Ceiling Cat has strong for you.

Good Ceiling Cat is good.

If Ceiling Cat is mad, dough, you will has nothings.

Ceiling Cat has always watched you masturbate.

Prudent cats are prudent, while Sinful cats are sinful.

Ceiling Cat has frends with Prudent Cat.

Ceiling Cat has frends with Good Cat.

Ceiling Cat sed: evrywon has crying soon.

Crying also for drunkz, sed Ceiling Cat.

Ceiling Cat watchez in dark moar than lite.

But i's alwayz see yous when you does it.

Ceiling Cat mite watch in dark if he has no frends.

You all has a flavor. Ceiling Cat does not want.

I kno you want me to has some of your prezints.  Are not so gret, aktualy.  Your nummy treatz, Ceiling Cat iz NOT watching dese.

DO NOT WANT yure muszics either.

But Ceiling Cat DO WANT justice and fur youz all be gud kittehs to each ubber.

Have you know what I means, Izrale?

I thinks you do not has, becuz you has many masturbashuns.

undefined

U think u iz saef in Zion  an up on Mount Samaria.

U iz so rong.

U think "I wil taekz caer of dis tumorro."

U lie around all day eatin cookies.

an jammin on teh guitar.

U getz drunk an putz on suntan loashn LOL.

U will be teh first to go.

Ceiling Cat sez, "I haetz Jacobz family an all his baeses."

Dere cud be ten d00dz in wun house n dey all wud die.

N if sumwun dumz to taek teh bodiz an burn dem an dey ar liek "Enibodi dere?" an sumwun ansrz "no," dey will be liek "STFU an don maek Ceiling Cat ani angriyer dan he alredi iz."

Bcz Ceiling Cat has sed "Smash up teh house!

Duz horses run on teh rocki mountn?  U haz turnd justiss into poisn.

U iz happi dat Lo Debar got beated.  An Karnaim.

undefined

Ceiling Cat showded me dat he wuz makin lotz an lotz of bugz to eat all teh wheetz.

Dey eated evrithin an I wuz all "Ceiling Cat, no!!!!! Jacob wil die! He iz tini!"

So Ceiling Cat chanjded hiz mind.
 "Just kiddin," he sed.

Den he showded me dat he wuz goin to set teh whoal countri on fier.

An I wuz all "Ceiling Cat, no!!!! Jacob wil die! He iz tini!"

So Ceiling Cat chanjded hiz mind.
 "Just kiddin, I wil not do dat eithr," he sed.

Den he showded me a wall an he wuz uzin a levl to maek shure it wuz strait.

An Ceiling Cat askted, "What duz u see, Amos?"
 I sed "A levl."
 Den Ceiling Cat sed, "I iz settin up a levl to chek teh peeplz of Israel.  I cant put up wif dere nonsens no moar.

"I will destroi Isaac's high plaeciz
 n trash hiz saef plaisiz
 n attak Jeroboams famili wif mai sword."

Amaziah wuz a priest in Bethel.  He tolded King Jeroboam, "Amos is causin a ruckus an makin trubl for u here in Israel.

He iz all
 " 'Jeroboam wil get killded wif a sword,
 an teh peepl of Israel wil be drivn awai,
 far awai from hoam.' "

Amaziah tolded Amos, "STFU an go bak to Judah.

Stai out of Bethel kthnxbai."

Amos tolded Amaziah, "I wuzint a proffet befor an neithr wuz mai daddi.  I takeded caer of sheepz an treez.

But Ceiling Cat tolded me to cut dat out and go tell teh fyoochr to teh peepl of Israel.

Now u lissnz to what Ceiling Cat sez.  U sez,
 " 'Doan predikt bad thingz for Israel,
  or for Isaacs famili eithr.'

undefined

Ceiling Cat showded me a baskit of riep froot.

"What u seez, Amos?" he askted.
 "A baskit of riep froot, duh," I sedded.
 Den Ceiling Cat wuz liek, "Teh tiem is riep for mai peeplz in Israel.  I iz not lettin dem off teh hook enni longr."

Ceiling Cat sez "Peepl will stop singin in teh templ an crai insted.  Dere wil be bodiz all ovr teh plaec LOL!"

 Lissin up, u who iz steppin on teh poor peeplz
  an killin dem too,

 u iz all liek
  "Izint it tiem yet
  for us to sell cookies?
  rippin peeplz off
  an charjin too much?

undefined

Ceiling Cat wuz liek "I iz not goin to forget dat enni tiem soon.

 Teh whoal countri wil shaek bcz of dis
  an evribodi in it wil be sad.
  Teh whoal countri wil riez up liek a rivr floodin
  an get stirrded up an den sink LOL."

 "When dat day comz," sez Ceiling Cat,
  "I wil maek teh sun go down at noon
  an teh wrld wil be dark.

 U wil be cryin insted of partyin
  an cryin insted of singin.
  I wil maek u waer a papr bag
  an shaev ur hedz LOL.
  It wil be az bad az losin ur onli kittn
  an evn teh end of teh day wil suk.

 "Teh tiem iz comin," sez Ceiling Cat,
  "when i wil maek evribodi hungri -
  not hungri for cookies or thrsti for milkz,
  but hungri to heer mai wurdz.

 Peepl wil go all ovr teh plaec
  from wun end of teh countri to teh othr,
  lookin for teh wrdz of Ceiling Cat,
  but dey woant find dem LOL.

undefined

I seeded Ceiling Cat standin by teh altr, an he wuz liek:
 "Hit teh topz of teh pillrz
 so teh whoal door shaekz.
 Maek dem fall down on evribodiz hedz
 an if enniwun iz left I wil kil dem wif teh sword LOL.
 No wun wil escaep,
 no wun wil escaep.

Dey can digz to teh bottm of teh graev, 
 but i wil catch dem LOL.
 Dey can cliem up to hevn,
 but i wil pullz dem down.

Dey can hied on teh top of teh mountn,
 I wil get dem eniwai.
 Dey can hied at teh bottm of teh oshin,
 I wil maek a snaek biet dem LOL.

Evn if deir enemiz drievz dem awai,
 I wil hav sumwun kil dem wif a sword.
 I wil look at dem
 an maek dem sad."

Ceiling Cat, teh all-powrful Ceiling Cat,
 who touchiz teh urthz and maekz it melt LOL,
 an evribodi in it is liek "O noes!",
 maeks teh land riezis liek a rivr
 den sink liek a rivr

Ceiling Cat bildz an awsum house in teh ceiling
 wif a basement on teh ground,
 he taekz all teh watr from teh oshin
 an poorz it on teh urths
 Ceiling Cat iz hiz naem.

"U iz Israelites, riet?
 Liek teh Cushites?"
 sez Ceiling Cat.
 "Didint I bringz Israel up from Egypt,
 teh Philistines from Caphtor 
 an teh Arameans from Kir?  Didint I?

"Ceiling Ct iz lookin
 at dat bad kingdm.
 I wil destroi it
 an wiep it off teh faec of teh urths
 but i iz not gonna destroi
 all Jacob's famili,"
 sez Ceiling Cat.

"I wil giv teh ordr,
 an shaek hiz hous
 amng all teh othr countriz
 liek salt in a shakr LOL,
 an nothin wil fal out.

All teh bad peeplz
 wil die bai teh sword,
 evriwun who sez
 'We is saef LOL.'

"When dat happnz I wil put
 Davidz tent bak up.
 I wil fix it,
 fix it riet up,
 liek it use to be,

so dat dey can get bak whatz left of Edom
 an all teh countriz dat iz naemd aftr me,"
 sez Ceiling Cat.  He wil do it, too.

"Teh tiem iz comin," sez Ceiling Cat,
 "when teh farmz will get all confusded
 espeshli teh wunz plantin graepz.
 Wien wil run from teh mountnz
 an all teh hillz LOL.

I wil let Israel com hoem;
 to fix up dere citiz.
 Dey wil maek wien;
 an cookiez mm.

undefined

Teh orakul dat Habakkuk teh prophet gotzted.

OHAITHAR Ceiling CAt, why u be ignorin me?

ur all liek, "violenz n haterz, let me show you dem"

ther4, u suck. luv, Habakkuk

Jus be patient H-kuk. Ima do sumthin so awezum u won't bleeve.

U know thos Babyloneens? Dey r sum bad haterz, alwayz stealin cookiez n stufz

Evryboday see dem n go OHNOES BABYLONEENS n runs away. Babyloneens know dis.

Liek, even deer horsies can kick your buttz

oh yah, and dey be all into enslavin u

n killin ur leaderz n l00tin n pillagin

but datz why deer sum guilty mofos. Dey tink dey strongar dan Ceiling CAt

OHAITHAR again Ceiling CAt, r u not everlastin gobstopper? u gonna punish teh haterz?

U has eyez to pretty 2 see teh haterz, dat's why u sayin nuthin when ppl steal my cookiez

It liek dis: u make teh kittehs like teh feesh

n teh haterz liek teh fish-manz,

n when the fishmanz gets teh feesh hiz all like LOL I cauted u NOM NOM NOM

undefined

Me goes on meh chimneys and waits for Ceiling Cat.  He ansurz aftr while about I said... and might taeks meh cheezburgers

So Ceiling Cat sez: "Here's a tablet, makes it with big pawz so other kittehs can see, k?"

"I knoes u be waitin 4 da  revelashun, but these things take time. hez comin tho, u wait." (Check back of book if u can't wait)

"And chekz it out, k.  The kitteh with big thinks about hizself... hiz fur iz not so fluffy, srsly!  But, the good kittehs haz the nine lives cuz dey the trust Ceiling Cat."

"OMG hiz milks haz catnip and triks him.  And hiz big fluffs never haz the happiez and ho goes in teh basement and other kittehs go in tu!"

"this guy needz sum srs hatin. Needs to be remindin 'woe to thee who b stealin all those cookiez'."

"Cuz one day all those kittehs gonna want they cookiez back, and then it's gonna suck for him"

"Y? Cuz you stole all teh cookies, yeah u rly effed stuff up dis time"

"Woe to him who get his cookiez by unjust gain, to set his foodbowl on high, to escape the clutches of ruin!

ou has plottd teh ruin ov lotz da peoplez,
shamin ur own houz an forfeitin ur life.

teh stonez ov teh wall will cry out,
an teh beams ov teh woodwork will echo it.

woe 2 him hoo buildz city wif bloodshd
an establishez town by crime!

has not CEILING CAT determind
dat teh peeps labor iz only fuel 4 da fire,
dat teh nashuns exhaust themselvez 4 nothin?

da earth will be filld wif teh knowledge ov teh glory ov CEILING CAT, as teh cheez covr teh brgr.

undefined

Im in ur shigionoth, bein a profet.

Ceiling CAt, i has herd ov ur fame; i stand in awe ov ur deedz, o Ceiling CAt. renew them in r dai, in r tiem mak them known; in wrath remembr mercy.

Ceiling cat came frum Teman, teh holy wan frum mount Paran. his glory coverd teh heavunz an his praize filld teh urths.

his splendor wuz liek teh sunrize; rays flashd frum his paw (wuz invisible powr!)

plague n pestilence: do not want

he stood, an shook teh earth; he lookd, an made teh nashuns tremble. teh ancient mountains crumbld
an teh age-old hills collapsd. Ceiling Cat eternally p4wns.

i saw teh tents ov Cushan in distres, teh dwellings ov Midian in anguish.

wuz u angry wif teh rivers, o Ceiling cat ? wuz ur wrath against teh streams? did u rage against teh sea when u rode wif ur horsez an ur victorious chariots?

u uncoverd ur bow, u calld 4 lotz da arrows.
Selah. u split teh urths wif rivers;

teh mountains saw u an writhd. torrents ov watr swept by; teh deep rawrd an liftd itz wavez on high.

Teh Sunz an Moonz tehy stood steel in teh Ceiling; at teh glint of yer flyin hrbls; at teh lite of yer catnip mices.

in wrath u strode thru teh urths, an in angr u threshd teh nashuns.

u came out 2 delivr ur peeps, 2 save ur anointd wan. u crushd teh leadr ov teh land ov wickednes, u strippd him frum head 2 foot. selah

wif his own spear u piercd his head when his warriors stormd out 2 scattr us, gloatin as though bout 2 devour teh wretchd hoo wuz in hidin.

u trampld teh sea wif ur horsez, churnin teh great waters.

i herd an mah hart poundd, mah lips quiverd at teh sound;
decay crept into mah bonez, an mah legs trembld. yet im gonna wait patiently 4 da dai ov calamity 2 come on teh nashun invadin us.

though teh fig tree doez not bud an thar r no grapez on teh vinez, though teh oliv crop fails an teh fieldz produce no fud, though thar r no sheep in da pen an no cowsies in da stalls,

yet im gonna rejoice in da Ceiling CAt, im gonna be joyful in ceilin cat mah savior.

undefined

So Darius wuz had been kyng for a-zactly 18 munts wen Ceiling Cat sez a msg to Haggai, who told it to Zerubbabel an Joshua like word fur word:

U Israel-cats r lazy cats. U says, "We cud maik templ-basket 4 Ceiling Cat, but DO NOT WANT todai. Is too much work. Tomorrw alwaiz bettr"

So Haggai kep talkingz, passing on teh wurds uv Ceiling Cat.

He sai: How come u sleeps in special basket-hoamss with soft fancy blankets wen mah blankies r in tatters an mah basket-templ is in ruinz n I haz to sleeps on cold n dirti fluurs?

Kittehs u must haz prioriteez! U no giv cheezburger 2 Ceiling Cat, an what has it earneded U?

U makeded cookies but u could not eated thems, for they was burned. U drankeded water but u still had thirsts (also later on you peed the waters out). U earneded monies but then lost them when you eated them.

Kittehs u must haz prioriteez!

Go hop up onto hills, OK? Pluck weeds outta da groun 'n' weave me a new basket-templ now kthx.

U thot u had gatherd enuf 2 bild mah basket-templ. Unacceptabulz! Ah puffd an bloo it awai. Coz yr basket-hoams R well bilt, an mine iz broken-down mess.

So I punish you, maid it not rain n stuff. Because I's Ceiling Cat, an' I can does that.

No rain at awl, so U FAIL!

N the Israel-cats remembered, n dey listened to Haggai coz Haggai was sent by Ceiling Cat. An also dey felts bad 4 him cuz his nmae sound lkie haggis

N Haggai sed, "Ceiling Cat r wit u!"

Den Ceiling Cat juicd up the relijin ov Zerubabel an Joshua an all teh kittehs, so dey wurkd very hard on teh baskit-templ fur Ceiling Cat,

undefined

In layt July teh ceiling cat am cum to Haggai.

"Go see Zerubbabel, kitteh of Shealtiel, teh guvnor uv Judah An Joshua, Jehozadak's ickle kitteh, teh hi preest An all so wots left ov de peeps an sayz:"

"Dudes, WTF happnd? Ware did all go rong?"

"Buff up guyz - I, teh ceiling cat, am wiv u!"

"No be fraydy-cat - I, teh ceiling cat, am heer."

"I maek urf kwake - Ricta scale no am inventd yet but I do big kwake!"

"I shake til monies fall owt ov pocketz. Putt monies in howse."

"I wants all shiny fings, is all mines."

"Dis howse wil be betta dan evah. All wil be nice n kwiet - no fytin"

Septembr twentyfor after Darius wuz rulin to yeres wuz the day wen ceiling cat sed sum moar impoartint thingz to Haggai.

Him sez: "Haggai, be askin preists wut r00ls sez,

if someone iz carryin cheezburgrs in him pokkit, n it tuchiz sum other food haz in hiz pokket on acsident, wut then, iz regulr food becum consekratid lyk cheezeburgrs?" But preists sayz no, itz stil not az consekratid lyk chezeburgerz iz.

Then Haggai ask dem: "so wut if a gross dirty cat that haev tuoched a kitteh that iz ded, him tuches food too, it iz gross to?" An they sed yes becuz kittiez that ded aer full of germiz an they smellz bad. Srsly.

So Haggai tell dem: "Den dis iz wut Ceiling Cat thinks. Yu aer sum groes dirteh kittiz. All yu care bout is bein gross and cheezbugrz is rly good.  Wutevah yu be giving me is gross and nothing consekratid lyk cheezeburgr. I WANT TO HAS CHEEZBURGER!

"Nao Ai want yu to think n trai to rememember wut it wuz lyke befor yu maed me thiz niec baskit templ," sed Haggai, (but him wuz just tellin dem wut Ceilin Cat sed to him.)

"Things wuz rly bad, Ai is rite?

Ai haz made big stoans to fall down on ur heds lyk rian (dey is called haellstoanz). N Ai maed all ur food and cheezburgrs burnt an gross. N Ai haz maed ur stuff smell yucky n gross. An den yu didnt even ask me can yu haz halp from me.

Yu be thinkin RLY hard abuot doze dayz.

Yu iz haz any chop meet for making cheezburgr? Cuz befor dey wuz alwez burnt an no good for eatin. But nao itz okay an yu can has cheezburgrs."

Den Ceiling Cat sed even moar stuff to Haggai on the saem day! Ceilin Cat and Haggai dey aer close.

Him sed dis: "go tell Zerahbbabel wif funneh naem that Ai iz going to be makin an urthkwake for him, him can haz urthquake.

Krazy stuffs going to be happen. Lyk chairz is gunna fall daon n all the cars iz gonna stop an not be killin the kittehs that iz nappin in the rodes. An all uf this stuff iz be fallin daon and everyone iz gunna be killin dem kittiez dat was in the same littr as dem. Kittehs dat wuz deir brodduh. Is fun.

undefined

O Hai! Dis book of genie-ologee of Happy Cat, son of Daybid King Cat, son of Apra-Ham:

Apra-Ham maded Eye-Sack, Eye-Sack maded Jay-Kub, Jay-Kub maded J00-Duh and hiz bros.

J00-Duh maded Press and Zer0 wit Tuh-Mar. Press maded Hezrum, and Hezrum maded Ramb.

Ramb maded Aming-Dap, Aming-Dap maded Noshin' and Noshin' ated delishus Salmon (jk, he maded him 2).

Delishus Salmon maded Bow Azz, Bow Azz maded Obet by umpsing Rüf, Obet maded Jes-See

an Jes-See maded Daybid King Cat. David King Cat maded Wizdum Cat Sorrowman by Hankiez Pankiez wit sum chick that used to has Hankiez Pankiez wit tomcat Mew-Ryah. Lol, tomcat Mew-Ryah got pwned.

Wizdum Cat Sorrowman maded Rayabome, Rayabome maded V'ger and V'ger maded Aysa.

Aysa maded Ahosacat, and he maded Jor-El and Jor-El maded Fuzziah.

Fuzziah maded Jo-Dam, Jo-Dam maded Ihaz and Ihaz maded Haz-a-Kyder.

Haz-a-Kyder maded Man-Asser, Man-Asser maded Aming and Aming maded Joes-Eyer.

Joes-Eyer maded Jeckiner and hiz bros, was bout when they was catchered to Babaron.

And after they was in Babaron, Jeckiner maded Shellatiel, and Shellatiel maded Zero-Bapler.

Zero-Bapler maded Apiut, Apiut maded Lyon King and Lyon King maded Asser lol.

Aser maded Zardoz, Zardoz maded Aking and Aking maded Elly-Ut.

Elly-Ut maded A-Lazer, A-Lazer maded Matting and Matting maded anuvver uv Jay-Kub.

And Jay-Kub maded Joseph. Dat wuz alot uv kitlins. Joseph was teh tomcat of Mary, and she maded Happy Cat, who gets called Christ (Nointed Cat), liek all teh time. Srsly.

So all teh genenerayshuns from Apra-Ham to Daybid King Cat am 14 genenerayshuns, frm Daybid King Cat to gettin catchered in Babaron am 14 genenerayshuns, and frm gettin catchered up in Babaron to teh Nointed Cat am 14 genenerayshuns. Srsly.

Now, teh burth of teh Nointed Cat was liek dis: After Mary and Joseph wuz all "We get maerdied, kthnx", but befor dey haz hankiez pankiez Mary was a muthur cat thanx 2 HovurCat.

Joseph was liek "I haz virjn - NOOOO dey be stealin my virjn! Must hied hur".

But when he was tihnkin, zomg, a BirdCat frm Ceiling Cat was liek, "Oh hai! Iz in ur dreemz, givin u messij. Don be scairdy cat. Taek Mary as ur wife - is virjn. But teh Forse is strong in tihs wun, lol! HovrCat is on hur, givn hur kitlin, srsly." So Joseph was liek " Oh yey. Iz gonna luv him and squeez him and call him George."

But BirdCat was liek "No, you gonna call him Happy Cat. cuz he save kittehs frum bein bad kittehs. Kthxbai."

So all dis was all did cuz Ceiling Cat had sed it wud be. Him proffit was all liek:

"Hay guise, luk! teh virjn is all preggers, and dey gonna call him A-manual", dat be joospeek for "Ceiling Cat wiv us"

Then Joseph walked up, dun wat teh BirdCat frm Ceiling Cat tolded him too, and was all liek "U wit me now lol" at Mary.

undefined

Nao, when Happy Cat was borned in teh dayz when Herrot teh king wuz rockin the casbah, hai look, dere sum waiz doodz comin frm teh Eats into Jeruslim

n dey wuz all leik “Rawr! we iz waiz d00ds from teh Eats! Lol but srsly wear iz teh new l33t king j00 dat got borned? In teh eats we wuz in nait timez and omg der wuz dis star in a invisibel plaen n it saied to us ‘go to Jeruslim n find l33t king j00 dat got borned, but do not eated him jus be liek hey leet king j00 yu pwn srsly. k?’ so ya wer is he?”

king herrot (teh n00b king) was campin liek a ub3r n00b near der, n wen he heared dis he wuz liek “omfg hez in mah empaire, steelin ma gloriez (an mai cookiez wtf)?!??!  n all d pplz in Jeruslim wuz leik “hey yea wtf?!”

So he got all d pplz who are has teh smartz, ne he sayed “sry im n00b but lol srsly wer doez king j00 spawn?”

N dey sed to him “lol.. d00d, obviusly king j00 spawns in beetleham, Ceiling Cat sayed to sum gai wun time “O rite dis down n stuff” n he rited:

“dw beetleham, u r not teh fail, cuz from u iz gunna come dis l33t d00d who cn pwn evry1 n is haz cookiez. Hez gunna saev teh ppl of Israel n whatnot.”

Den king herrot was liek "kk", n he aksed teh waiz d00ds “u know wen it wuz nait timez n dat star sayed stuff 2 yuz, wen waz dat happen?” n teh waiz d00ds wuz like “lol wut?”

So king herrot sed “omg dw, juz go too beetleham n look for teh new king j00 n wen u find him IM me coz I wanna sai to him how much he pwnz. (har har har I are smartz…)”

After dat dey wuz on der way n teh star in a invisibel plaen waz fast. Srsly. n it wuz liek “hai2u! good job d00ds! btw teh king j00 is ova here my plaen is pointing 2 wer he iz, k?”

Teh wiez d00ds wuz leik “kthx we cn see wer he iz now!” n wuz happi n stuff.

Dey goed dere n seed baby Happy Cat n maerdy who wuz are who bornded him. n dey were liek “d00d u r teh new king u pwn srsly! lol u are so l33t! omfg < ltrly! Btw we bringd u sum cheezburgrs n munniez n funerul stuff (srsly), u can has dem if u want.”

Aftr dat dey waz about to IM king herrot den wun of dem sayd “o, actuly, I hasd a dream at nait timez n ceiling cat wuz like “hey sup d00d.” n I wuz liek “nm, u?” n he wuz liek “nm but d00d get dis, king herrot r liez tbh. He iz lookin for Happy Cat so he cn pwn him wtf!!!?” Den I woke up bt srsly Ceiling Cat sed dat.” So teh udder waiz d00ds sayed “o wtf, I haet dat n00b king herod wtf is hiz problem” n dey all goed bak to der hoem in d eats bi differnt way.

And wen dey were gone teh hover d00dz of teh Ceiling Cat appeareded to Jozif and sayed "Hai, get up nao, and taek kitlin and mudder into Eejippt0rz, and stay dere till I sez, cos Herrot is lukin for teh kitlin and him gonna pwn him!"

And him got up and taeked Happy Cat and him mundder into Eejippt0rz at nait:

and stayed dere til Herrot was "lol *dead*", so ting wud be liek teh profet sayed wen he sayed "Out of Eejippt0rz I done called mah son"

B4 he dyd, Herrot, wen he saw teh wies men was lollin at him, was rlly ticked, so him goed owt and pwned all teh kitlins dat woz in Beetleham, and teh beaches round dere, dat was under 2, cuz teh kitlin he waanted to pwn was dat age.

Dat was teh way teh profet Jer-Mewer sayed

In Romma dere was a mew herd, crine vaerdy sadly, Raychul crine for her kitlins, and wud not be comfortd, cuz dey iz gon.

But wen Herrot wuz "lol *dead*", and hover d00d frm Ceiling Cat came to Joezif in a dreen

sayin "Hai, j00 can go hoem nao, Herrot am dead, lol"

And him went home to Izreal wit teh kitlin and him mudder.

But wen him herd dat Archie'lolz was n00b king nao afer him dad Herrot, him was scaerdy to go dere; also, Ceiling Cat sed, "hai, joo dreemin, but n00b king still wantz pwn joo." So him went Gallalee insted:

undefined

In dem dayz caem John Teh Baftis, preachin in teh wilderness of J00dea,

And sayin "ZOMG, Kingdom Of Cat Heving am at hand! Be vaerdy sardy!

For dis is him dat teh profet Zai-ass was speekin of, sayin" teh voice of teh one cryin in teh wilterness, Prepare teh way of teh Lord guise, make his pats strayt."

And teh saem John was wearin camul hair and leather pantz; and he eated bugs and hunnys.

Den he went out to Jeroozlem and J00dea and all round Jortan

And he gived water bafs to ppls in teh Jortan, and dey told ther Invizable Errors to him an Ceiling Cat

But wen he saw teh Fairy-sees and Saddu-sees com to his baf, he sayed "J00 snaky n00bs, who warned j00 to flea teh wrath that am comin?

If ur all rly sorry, do teh gud stuff Ceiling Cat told u 2 do!

And dont tink dat j00 has Abraham as j00r dad, cuz Ceiling Cat cud maek dese stones into kitlins of Abraham

And now teh axe pwns teh rute of teh tree, and all teh trees dat dont make leet fruitz get pwnd and burninated, LOL"

"For srsly, I give water bafs to ppls wit waters, but teh next gai dat comin, and he so 1337 I cant even has his shoos: he gonna give bafs to ppls wiv far and Hovercat!

He get all teh weets and put in weets house, and he gonna burninate teh straws thats left ovar with teh leet fire of pwnage!

Den Happy Cat caem from Garary, to has water baf from John

But John was all "Ur doin it rong, j00 needz to water baf me"

And Happy Cat sayed "STFU and gib to me water baf n00b" and John did.

Wen he was gived water baf he gtfo of teh water and, ZOMG, teh ceilinz opened up and Hover Cat caem down liek a duv and landeded on him

undefined

So Happy Cat taiked hisself 2 teh desert to hang with teh Basement Cat, so Basement Cat cud tri to pwn him

N he et no cheezburgrz or cookies, even, fr 40 dayz n nites, srsly!

Den Basement Cat wuz der and sayd “O hai, if ur teh Ceiling Cat’s kitlin, makes cheezburgrz outta da rocks kthx.”

Happy Cat sayd “NFW! Cheezburgrz am not da best, Ceiling Cat’s mews am best,” even tho he rly laikd cheezburgrz, laik, srsly.

Basement Cat wuz nt pwned, an tuk Happy Cat to top of Fridgerader.

An sayd, “if ur teh Ceiling Cat’s kitlin, jump off and birdcats will cach u, n make u all cumfy n stuff, kthx.”

Happy Cat sayd "not is cool 2 try 2 pwn Ceiling Cat".

Basement Cat tuk Happy Cat in ur mounting, sittin on ur top, n showed Happy Cat ebry of roon in ebry of howse, srsly.

N sayd, “All da base r belong 2 u if u lets me pwn u, kthx.”

But Happy Cat sayd, “STFU Basement Cat, R U DUM? Ceiling Cat am mai BFF cuz he am teh 1337!”

Den Basement Cat wuz pwnd, n birdcats cam frm Ceiling Cat an gave Happy Cat all teh cheezburgrz an cookiez an brushded his hairs.

Wen Happy Cat founded out dat John Baftis wuz in cat jail he made tracks fr Galaly

An staid in Caper-Num by the waters bt he dint tak his bukkit an spayd.

Cuz teh wize Ass-Eyess sayd

“In all teh base, laik Zabalon n Nefarim n teh c n Jortan (yeh even KT Prys) n Galaly.

Happy Cat will turn on teh liteswitch fr teh kittenz dat iz sittin in teh dark."

Dat iz wen Happy Cat strted 2 tell teh kittenz, “say yur sory fer bean bad kittehs cuz teh Cat Heaven am at hand btw.  srsly.”

Den Happy Cat bumpded into 2 kitlins uv same mudder hoo wuz cathcin fish n wuz called Siming AKA Peeter n Antroo AKA L'il Kitlin

N Happy Cat sayd, “Comes wit me n u can catch pplz.”

N cuz Happy Cat am teh 1337, dey wuz laik, “kthx.”

N den Happy Cat met Janes n udder John, hoo wuz vaedy reraxin on a bote wit dair tomcats, hoo wuz Zebedee frm teh Magic Roundabout.

N dey also went wit Happy Cat.

Happy Cat tuk hs crew roun Galaly, teechin in teh Ceiling Cat prace n sayn teh Good Mews n heelin teh sit.

N many cats herd all bout his 1337ness an brot all der sit cats 2, laik teh crzy 1s n teh 1s dat Basement Cat had fiddlded wit, n Happy Cat heeled dem 2.

undefined

Wen he seez lotz kittehz, he climbz tree.  His BFz climbz tree too.

He sez hai and he teaches teh kittehs, he sez:

Cheezburgrz 4 teh n00b kittehs, theys can has teh Ceiling.

Cheezburgrz 4 teh sad kittehs, theys can has petting.

Cheezburgrz 4 teh m33k kittehs, theys can has teh urfs.

Cheezburgrz 4 teh kittehs who sez "I can has gud, plz?", theys can has it.

Cheezburgrz 4 teh kittehs dat no pwns, Ceiling Cat no pwnz0rz thems.

Cheezburgrz 4 teh kittehs wiff purr in hartz, theys can sees Ceiling Cat.

Cheezburgrz 4 teh kittehs dat sez shhhhh!, Ceiling Cat is liek "u mai kittehs."

Cheezburgrz 4 teh kittehs dat gets pwned by otehrs fur haz gud, theys can has teh Ceiling too.

Cheezburgrz if otehrs be liek "DO NOT WANT" 2 u, an liez abt u, coz of meh.

B teh happys n party, coz u can has cookiez n cakez in Ceiling. Iz liek wen theys been liek "DO NOT WANT" to all teh holee kittehs b4.

u r teh cheezburgerz.  if cheezburgerz haz no cheez, taste bad. trashcat can has it.

u r teh meme of teh internet.  lolcat pic online iz not invizible.

emos dont frendslock lj posts.  tehy post public 4 all teh internetz.

u 2 post lolcat pic online so internetz is liek "OMG! ur so k00l! Ceiling Cat rockz!"

dont break law. im in ur urfs fulfillin ur propheciez

iz all true. srsly. law iz not deleted

if u break law, no can has cheezburger. if u teach law, can has lotz cookiez

u b good kittehz or Ceiling Cat is liek "bad kittehz! u can not has mi pad!"

u kno if u pwnz0rz, Ceiling Cat is liek "wtf? bad kittehz!"

but if u is liek "u n00b!", uz betr off in trashcan, srsly.

if u has gift 4 Ceiling Cat n u has pwned ur brother

ur brother can has hugs b4 u give gift 2 Ceiling Cat

lawyers screw u. settle out of court. srsly

or they take all ur $$. iz all true. srsly.

Ceiling Cat iz liek "no buttsecks!!1!1 bad kittehz!"

but im liek "wtf? im in ur brain, watching u think about it"

if ur eye makez u bad kitteh, scratch it out with ur claws, or uz betr off in trashcan, srsly.

if ur paw makez u bad kitteh, bite it off, or uz betr off in trashcan, srsly.

Ceiling Cat iz liek "pay divorce lawyer"

but im like "divorcee iz slut. uz betr off in trashcan, srsly."

Ceiling Cat iz liek "dont break oath or i break u!!1!"

but im like "omgwtf? dont swear by Ceiling Catz pad

"or by Ceiling Catz paws on floor

"or by ur fir

"ya rly:=ya rly; no wai:=no wai. else evil kitteh."

Ceiling Cat iz liek "i 4 i, fnag 4 fang"

but im liek if bad kittehz spank u, turn otehr cheek

if bad kittehz take ur fir, give ur tail 2

if dogs chase u 1 mile, run 2

if u makes a cookie 4 some1, doe not eated it

kittehz iz liek "wuv ur BFFz, hate bad kittehz"

but im liek "wuv bad kittehz 2"

u r all Ceiling Catz kittenz.  Sun shines on good kittehz and bad.  Also rain :-(

if u wuv only ur BFFs, u no can has cheezburger. even teh IRS d00dz do taht!

if u iz liek "oh hai" 2 only ur BFFs, wtf? only n00bz do taht.

undefined

Dunt eatz ur cheezburgerz b4 udder kittez, cuz if u do you get no cheezburgerz from teh Ceiling Cat.

When you give cheezburgerz 2 n00b kittez, dunt brag bout it kthx.

when u give 2 n00b kittez, don't tell your left paw, k?

If ur left paw dunt kno, you get teh cheezburgerz from Ceiling Cat.

so u be all leik MCHammertime and pray jus 2 make it 2day and stuff.

Ceiling Cat is watching you prostrate but u donut no he is tho.

ur pray shood not be made of fail.

Ceiling Cat knows what u donut hate.

u pray leik dis: Ceiling Cat, who r watchin us, u can has cheezburger.

Wut yu want, yu gets, srsly.

Let us dis day has our dalee cheezburger.

And furgiv us for makin u a cookie, but eateding it, same as we furgiv teh kittehz taht maked us cookiez, but eated tehm.

An leed us not into teh showa, but deliver us from teh wawter.  Cuz all our base n teh pwnage n teh +1s r belong 2 U 4eva&evah, srlsy kthxbai.

if u sais sry Ceiling Cat will be leik  s'ok iz kewl.

if u donut sez sry Ceiling Cat will pwn u.

if you want cheezburger plz to not be cryin.  U can has invisible cheezeburger.

if you want cheezeburger but can't has, get ur hair did.

Ceiling Cat is watching you abstinate evn tho teh uthrs r lik "hay he luks good." Srsly.

donut hoard all ur monies.  They be stealin ur monies!

Hide da monies in da Ceiling.  Ceiling Cat is watching you depos-ate.

Ur moneies be safe wif Ceiling Cat.

Teh i iz teh lamp of teh bodi. If is r gud, den hole bodi iz ful of celingness.

But if is r bad den hole bodi iz ful of trashcanness.

No 1 can serv 2 mastrz. J00 cant serv both Celing Cat and moniz.

so i sez, stop havin teh kittehz bout ur lifes, wat cheezburgerz or drinx u is havin, or about ur bodeez n wat u iz wearin. Iz life not moar importint den teh foodz, and teh bodeez moar importint den teh cloathz?

Lookit teh birdz in teh ceilingz, dey dont be in teh fieldz gatherin teh f00dz or puttin dem away in teh barnz, but teh Ceiling Cat givez dem f00dz anywayz lolz. Wat, u aint more better den dem?

Who can make teh life longur by havin teh kittehz newayz?

And y u be havin teh kittehz about teh raimentz? Lookit teh lileez in teh fieldz. Dey dont work or nuffingz

but Solom0n cant pwn them even with his pimp outfitz. No rly.

If teh Ceiling Cat makes teh grass all pritty, and it gets thrwn into teh 0venz 2morr0w, wat about u, peeplz who no beleiv dat much?

So plz to be stoppin havin teh kittehz n sayin "oh noez, i can has cheezburger?" or "wat 2 be wearin 2dae?"

Bcuz onlee teh n00bz be havin kittehz about thees thingz, k? Ceiling Cat noez wat u need. srsly.

Look around first for teh kingd0m and teh r0xorz of teh Ceiling Cat, an u can has all thees thingz.

undefined

"If u juj u wil be jujded.  So don't.

Bcz u will be jujded teh saem az u jujded teh othr d00d.

Teh sawdust iz in ur brothrz i, makin u confused.  Why u caer so much when u gotz a board in ur i LOL?

Why u sez "O hai takin teh sawdust out of ur i"?  U gotz board in ur i!

Taek teh board out of ur i furst dumass.  Den taek teh dust out of ur brotherz i aftr dat.  Duh.

Dont giff holi thingz to dogz.  Dont give pearlz to pigz.  Dey just taer dem up n then taer u up too.

U skrachez teh sofaz n u can haz cookie.  Sniffz n u can find cheezberger.  Skrach n teh door will opin.  Or maybi Ceiling Cat putz in cat flap.

Evribodi who skrachz getz.  Evribodi who sniffz findz,  Evribodi who skrahcz door getz to go in.

If ur kitteh asks u for cat fued, duz u giffs him a rock LOL?

Or he wantzes a fish n u giffs him a snaek?  LOLOL

See, u iz evil, but u giffs ur kittehz good gifts.  Well Ceiling Cat iz evin bettr dan u n giffs bettr gifts!

So alwaiz treet othrz liek u want dem to treet u.  Is teh law n profetz, dumie.  Kthnxbai.

Come in thru teh litl door.  Teh door to destrucshn is big.  Lotz of peeplz goes thru.

But teh door to lief is small.  Moast peeplz dont find it.

Look out for peeplz who tellz teh fyoochur but duz it rong.  Dey wair tech clothez of sheepz but dey is wolvz insied.  Bad wolvz.

U know what dey iz by dey frootz.  I bet u didn know wolvz had frootz.

Good treez haz good frootz.  Bad treez haz bad frootz.

Evri tree wif bad frootz will be cutted down an throwed in teh fier.

Liek I sez, look at teh frootz.

Sum peeplz who sez "O hai Lord" to me will not go to heavn.  Just teh peeplz who duz what Ceiling Cat wantz get to go.

When teh tiem comez lotz of peeplz will be all "O hai, we tellded teh fyoochr n chaseded awai demnz n gived cheezburgr in ur name."

I will sai 'I never knew u LOL.  Go awai!'

If u heer me n do whut I tellz u, u iz liek teh smart d00d who builded his house on teh rock.

It rainded n flooded n it wuz windi.  But teh house did not fall down bcz of teh rock.

But if u heer me n duzn do whut I tellz u, u iz liek teh n00b who builded his house on teh sand.

It rainded n flooded in it wuz windi.  N his house falled down LOL."

Evribodi wuz impressed wif Happy Cat for sayin all dis.

everyone was all amazded and bowed tehre heds

undefined

Wen he comz down from teh mountins, alll deez ppl caem too.

An den, lepr wuz liek "O hai scuz me Jebus, i has all dees icky sorz, u can fix PLZ?!"!!!!

Jebus waz liek "Ookai kitteh i will fix u" n jus liek dat he wuz all betteh.

But Jebus also wispurd one mor ting "eksep SH jus keep it sekrit k, go to teh cheefs n show dem"

When Jebus went 2 Capernom, he wuz alred gettin buggd lol dis guy caem up

an wus liek "Jebus mah kitteh is dyinz an hurtin rly bad!!1!"

Jebus sez "Is okai I can fix"

He sez "Jebus u iz tu kool for mah hous, mebbe jus heel frum here or sumtin?"

"Cuz I pwn mah own kittehs too, I ses "go over der kitteh" n dey go, or I say "heyoo COMEZ," n dey comez. I sez to kittehs "get me cookeh" den dey gets meh sum cookehs"

Jebus was liek "LOLomg. Yoo haz mor faif thn all mah own kittehs!!"

"Srsly, pplz will com frum all over dah plaes 2 nom delishus cheezburgers wit mah koolest kittehs in dah ceiling"

"anden dah stinkeh kittehs will b dropped in dah water n getz all wet, an dey will cryy an sai "HALP" an never has any cookehs"

Den Jebus sez 2 him "Go, your kitteh iz betteh becuz uf ur faif kthxbai." And poof right den he wuz betteh, just liek dat."

Happy Cat wentz to Peterz haus, n iz mudda in law was dyingz!

So he jus tuched her n she wuz betteh, so she got up n madez him sum cookehs n lukd after him.

At nite time all deez ppl brot der frends who hadz demonz  to Happy Cat, n Happy Cat hissd at teh demonz and dey rund away and he maed all teh kittehs betteh.

Dis wuz jus liek Isaiah sed before: "He tuk our sikness an carried all our fleezez."

Happy Cat seed a hewj krowd comin n sed, "OMG! We gotta go to ova sid uf lake kwik, k?"

Den dis one writer kitteh was liek: "O hai, teechur cat!  I can followz u forevah!?"

An Happy Cat sez to him: "Doggehs haz sofas, burdiez haz nests, but i has a Invisible bed."

Dis othr gai was liek: "Okai tcher I can followz you!  O but brb I can clean meh litter box first, k?"

But Happy Cat sez: "NoOo kitteh com nao, u let ur p00p cleanz itself."

One tiem, Happy Cat went in a boat wit his dissypels.

Den all da sudden, WHOA!! dis BIG HEWJ St0RM caemd and start pwning teh b0at!!1! but Happy Cat wuz jus sleepin tru dah hol ting!!

so him dissypels starts shakin him and wer all like, "D00d HAPPY CAT WAEK UP!! teh ship be sinkin! We all goin get wet, DO NOT WANT!!!"

So Happy Cat sai, "Omg. Yoo get me up for sum st00pid wind?! Wut, u tink i will jus let u get all wet an sink? Yoo are n00bs with no fayf! SRSLY." So Happy Cat gotz up an told the st0rm to shut up so he could get sum moer sleepz.

Teh dissypels wer all liek, "WHOOA OMG GAIS didz u see dat?!? Dis gai ttly pwns da wind an efrytin!"

Happy Cat finaly reachded land He walked down deh rohd to Gadara, and two gais wif demuns in them jumped in front of him. And dey wer all big n tuff.

Den dey shoutz, "HEYOO, Alm!ghty Jebus, wat choo want wit us newayz?! You gunna pwn us alredy??"

And der wer all deez piggehs eatin over der.

So teh demonz sai, "O noes.. If yu gunna pwn us, plz jus put us in teh piggehs?"

Happy Cat sez to dem "Okai fine. go in teh piggehs," an teh demons went in teh piggys. Teh piggehs ten became ttly emo an dey all jumped in teh lake an drownz.

Deez gais hu wer watching  were like "OMG!!" an dey went an teld all der frends bout hao Happy Cat pwnd teh demonz.

undefined

So den Jebus an teh dissyple kittehs got bak in dere boat and crossd teh beeg waterz to da plaec Jebus use to has livded.

When JEbus gots outta da boat, some pples brought dis d00d who cudnt walk and stufz. Jebus was liek "Woa!! deze peeppls got sum fayths, srsly" an he ses to teh d00d "no wurries, Iz furgivn ur sinz."

Den sum snootsey smrt kittehs wuz liek, "Oh noes he jus blastfemd!!1!! lolz!"

Jebus pwnd dere mynds, and knews ezakly wat dey wuz tinkin. He sed, "WTF, I totaly heers u wisperin, u stoopid ppls.

Wat u tink iz eezier, if I sayz 'I furgivs u' or 'get ups, u can be walkin!!!'?

Well I sho u, meen ppls, dat I can do bofs of dose." So he wuz liek, "d00d, get ups, taek ur stufz and go bak to ur houz lol!"

So he did.

An every1 wuz all, "Woaa!!!" an happie dat Ceiling Cat givd Jebus powr to pwn teh sickiness in pples.

So den Jebus, he kep on walkin. Den he seez Matthew workin on sum taxes. Jebus was liek, "O hai, comes wit me lolz!" an Matthew did.

Laters, Jebus wuz eetin a cheezburger at Matthews houz wit sum frindz, and den sum shadee ppls all liek cames in n wuz eetin too.

But teh farisees got crazee mad and yelld sum and sed "WTF?! dese ppls is grose Y U EET WIT DEMS!"

Jebus was liek, "Shut up guyz, srsly. Who needin doctrs? Sick ppl, not helthy pples! DUHH u n00bs!

Member teh scripshur dat sed, 'Iz all bout sum luvn, not religuns lol!' Iz on Urths to help ppls, not hangin out wit farisees dat tink dere so kool and stufs."

So wun dayz John da Baptist, he wuz liek "Jebus, I has a fast, mai frindz has a fast, even dose farisees has a fast! Y dont ur disyples has fasts liek us?"

But Jebus wuz liek, "Do kittehs act sad on Caturday?! Noes! But wun day, Caturday be gone, den dey fast :( .

Wud u put sum grose old stuf on ur new cooky? Noes!

Wud u put sum fresh milks in a leeky bukkit?! NOES!"

Wile Jebus wuz tawkin, d00d frum a tempul sed "Mah dawter, she dide! But Iz not skeered. I knows u can maek her alyve agen if u puts ur paw on her lolz!

So Jebus was liek, sure d00d, and dey wuz walkin over dere

when sum ladie who had a bleedin in hur tummeh snuk up and toched Jebus's furs.

She was all liek, "if I can jus toch him, I be ok lolz!"

Jebus be liek, "wtf wuz dat?!" an den he saw de ladie. He sed, "Oh hai, be happie! U has sum gud fayths, now uz all bettur!!!1!" An she wuz.

Den Jebus got to dat d00d's houz frum bfore, an dere wuz a bunch of ppls and sum sad musics.

"Shoo, ppls!" he sed. "Dis gurl dont be ded; jus takin a napz lolz!" But dose ppls laffed at him.

But when does ppls lef, Jebus he hold dat gurl's hand, and she be standin up liek woa!!!

Evrywun heard bouts dis miracul, and dey were all liek, wtf. Srsly.

Jebus lef dat houz. Wile he wuz walkin, 2 blind menz follows him, sayin "We can has mercie, Jebus?! Kthx."

Dey followd Jebus all de wayz hoem. Den Jebus askd dem, "U srsly bleeve Iz can heel u?" An dey wuz liek, "SRSLY!"

So he tuchd dere eybals n he sed "Cuz u bleeve so hard, I heels u." Den dose menz cud see like woa!!!1

But Jebus sed, "Dont be tawkin bouts dis."

But teh menz told evry1 aneewayz. Stoopid menz.

Den sum guy hads a demunz. He cudnt evn tawk cuz of dat demun.

But Jebus PWND!!! de demunz out lolz, den he cud say stufz. Evry1 wuz liek, "ZOMGWTF!!! dis nevr hapen be4 in Isrel!!1!"

But da Farisees, dey wuz sayin "He can onlie pwn demunz cuz he wuz da prinz of demunz."

So newayz, Jebus walkd thru menny landz and stufz, heelin ppls and preechin de Gud Newz of da Ceiling Cat.

He saw lotz of ppls, and felt sorrie fur dems, cuz dey wuz like poor lttl sheepies wit no shperd :(.

So Jebus toldz his disyplles, "Ok guyz, dere's big hrvest of fudz, but no wurkrs fur gettin dose fudz. Oh noes!!!

undefined

Jebus calld his twelve disciplez an givs dem teh powr to shoo demonz an heel efrybudy.

Deez r teh namez ov his twelve disciplez: furst, Simon (can also call himz Petr) an his bruthr Andrew; den Jamez an John hoo r bruthrz;

Filip an Bartholomew; Thomas an Matthew teh muneh taker; teh othur Jamez, an Thaddaeus;

Simon numbur two, an Judas Iscariot (hoo becomz stinkeh kitteh an betrayz Jebus later on!).

Befor Jebus sent out theez twelve gais, he teld dem: "DO NOT go over wif teh Gentilez or teh samaritanz.

Jus go find mai lost kittehs ov israel.

Deh whole tiem, shoutz dis: "CEILING CAT'S HOUS IS SO CLOSE GAIS! Is right ovr here!"

Gets rid ov teh fleez, raize teh ded, shoo teh demons, baesicly make evrybudy betteh. An remember getz all your cookehs for free, so don be takin any monehs from kittehs. Just gif to dem for free.

"Don taek ne munnehs wif u,

and no bag or extra shirtz or shooz or toyz or ne stuffs at all, cuz u can jus earn yur cheezburgers wen u need it.

Evrywer u go, look for som nice kitteh thar an stay at dat persons hous til u leav.

Say "O hai!" to teh hous wen u coemz in.

If is good hous, gif it sum peace; if is not, taek ur peace bak.

if anybudy is rude an doesnt lissen to ur werdz, jus shaek teh dust off ur paws when u leef dat plaes.

Srsly, will be bettr for dos stinkiest cities Sodom an Gomorrah on teh dai ov PWNage than for dat place.

"Look, i sendin u out liek itteh bitteh kittehs among big ugli dogs wif big nasti teef. Can easily nom yoos little kittehs. So be rly rly smart, an purfect angels.

Look out for dem; Thoz stinkeh doggehs will probly nom u an skratch u all teh tiem.

Dey will probly also maekz u go in frunt evryone an say stuff to be liek "omg look tolds u deyz talkin bout Jebus!"

But wen dis happens, do not be scaredz an nervous bout wut to say or anyting, Cuz den i will alwayz maek shur u say teh rite words.

Cuz its not be u makin up doz grate words: Hovr cat be in ur mowf, sayin ur wordz for u.

"All deez kittehs will be mean and alwayz skratchin each othr,

an evryone will hate u cuz u luv me, but any kitteh who suks it up and staez strong teh whole tiem, i save himz.

Wen dey skratch u in wun place, jus run awai to a diffrent place. Srsly, ur never gonna get to all deez places before i comez bak agin.

"Students r not bettah den der teechrs, an hoomins not bettah then their kittehs.

Dey can jus be liek their teachr, an hoomins be liek their kittehs, an lernz frum dem jus liek dey can lernz frum Jebus. If sumbdy calld teh head kitteh ov teh hous "Beelzebub N00b LOLz", deyr gunna call hiz hoomins much worse naemz!

"But is okai, don be skared, thar iz nothin hidin dat i will not show.

Stuff i tell u in sekrit, speek in da open; wut iz wissperd in ur earz, shoutz and screamz it frum teh roofs.

Do not be fraid ov gais jus kuz dey kills bodies, becuz dey cannot kill SOULZ. Jus be skard ov teh evil wan hoo can destroy bodyz AND soulz in hell.

Teh birdehs are worth basikly nofing to ppl, but i even savez dem!

I even noes bout evry singel wun ov ur hares LOL.

So doan be afraid little kitteh! U r hol lot moar speshul to me den doez birdehz!

"So anyone hoo sez how much dey luvs me to all der othr kittehs, den i tell Ceiling Cat bout dem too.

but whoevr sez to kittehs dat dey don noes who i am an don likez me, im gonna be dissin dem to mai fathr Ceiling Cat.

"Don be tinkin dat i has come to brin jus all dis peace an cheezburgerz to de urf. I brot sharp claws an teef, akshuly.

4 i has come to turns ppl aganst each othr.

U will get ins fites wif teh ppl in ur own haus!' [d]

"Anybody who luvs sum kitteh, even der mommy or daddy or chilenz, doesnt deserv mai cheezburgers.

Also ppl who doez not taek up their cross an follow me iz not worthy ov mai luv either.

Evry tiem u findz  sum cookehs in ur life u will looz it, but whoevr losez their cookeh for me will find it agin.

"anyone hoo welcomez u welcomez me, an anyone hoo welcomez me welcomez teh wan hoo sent me.

whoevr welcomez a profet known to be predictin teh fewcher becuz he's a profet will gets a profet's cookeh, an whoevr welcomez a gud kitteh will receiv gud cookehs.

undefined

And it did coems to liek pass, when Jesus had liek maded a end of telling his 12 peeps who really liekd him, he went liek left so that he can learn and preahces in teir places of many people.

Now when liek John had hearded in teh place where u go if u liek preak teh rules, and ai mean really break em in teah works of Christ, he sended two of him disciples through teh ineternets,

And say to his, is u he that is to come, or does we sees another?

Jeus answered him and liek say to his, Go and show John more of teh tings you've seen and heard:

Teh no seeing gets some seeing, and teh no walk get walk, teah nasty, come clean, and teh no hear hear, teh no live come live, and teh poor have teh gospel preached to tem.

And goodly good in life are he, who will not be offended in my.

And as tey leaved, Jesus begun ta sez to teh many worring bout John, Wat gone yuz out into teh wildy to see? sees, tey tat were nice softly soft clothing are in head royal ppls hoze.

But wat goned yu oust fur to see? A good guy that sez da truf? Yes, ai sez to yuz, and more tan a profat.

But wat goned u oust fur too see? Yessum. A Seercat. Yes. ai saz to yuz, and more tan a Profat.

Fur dis are him, of who'd it r wroted. Looki, ai sent my meszage guy in ur face, I'll put yur idea nfront of yuz.

Importantly ai saz to u, wif teh kittehs of normaled woman wil raiz a great cat John teh Washerer : teh guy dat lowerest in teh kingdom of Ceiling. Srsly

Teh Kingdom of Ceiling has alwayz been gettin more Cheezburgerz and liek more land to grow teh Cheezburger treez and Catz help dem wif out question. Srsly

Fur all of teh liek impertantz ppl all liek saz stufz to John and teh Sazer ppl. Srsly.

Plus liek if yur liek wilding to liek accepted it, him is liek teh Elikhat.

Him who haz liek earz let he liek hera.

But wat liek ai shuld comparz dis genration? Dey are all liek kittehs in liek teh feed buy place. Srsly

We liek gived yu teh awesome music from teh flutz (Srsly) but liek yu not danced srlsy; we  sang a sad sung and liek yu not run out of happy.

Fur liek John no liek come eatin or liek no drinkin, them liek sez "Him are a cat wif no fur" Srsly

The guy kitteh caem drinkin liek milk and liek eatin cheezburgerz, and them sez "Lookey here, fatcat and him liek a drink milk to much, a budy of teh cheezburgerz taker, and invisible error doer" But teh smartness is showed by she acxion. Srsly

Then Jebus begin to liek say cities were him do miriclez cuz liek dey no admit der invisible errors. Srsly

"No happy to yu Korazin! No happy to yu Bethesda! If the mirclez had be did in liek Tyre and Sidon, they'd aks furgivins many time ago srsly in food sacks and ashs'. srsly

But ai sez to yu, it bez much liek easierz for Tyre and Sidon on the day of judes. srsly.

And yu Capernum will be moved to teh skies? Yu will go down to teh depfs.Srsly. If teh mirclz that wer purformz n yu were been purformz in sodom, it still be here till this day. Srlsy.

But ai sez yu dat are be more easier to be endurded for Sodom on teh day of juges dan fur yu. Srsly.

At the time Jebus saz, "Ai praized yu, Father lords of teh Ceiling and Urf, cuz yu have hidded dese things from teh wize and learnered, and showed dem to teh kittehs.

Yes Dad, this was gewd timez.

"All things has be done to me by mah fasha. Nobody knows teh Son except teh Fasha, and nobody knows teh Father cept teh Son and dose who teh Son shows he.

"Comed to me, all yu who is tiredz and hurted, and ai shall gived yu sleepz.

Taked mai good onto you and learnz from me, for Iz gentle and calmed in teh heart, Srsly and you will find sleepz for yur solez.

undefined

At dat time, Happy Cat goed tru da grain on Caturday. His desiples wanted moar kibble an wuz in teh grainfield, eaten dem grains.

Wen Fairy-sees sawz dis, dey say to he, "N00b, yur desiples be offendin Ceiling Cat on Caturday!!1!1!!"

Happy Cat den say, "Haz yu not readz abot wotz David didz wen he an him compinyuns waz hungryz?"

He enterz Ceiling Cat's home an eated his cheezburgers, maybe you is read dat.

Or hasnt yu readz dat priestz work on caturday but them stillz inocents?

Iz tellin yu dat sumfin moar better than teh temple ist here.

If youz haz knowed wut dem wordz mean, 'I can has mercy, not sackerfice,' yu not wud has condemened teh inocents.

For teh sonz of kittehs is lord ob teh Caturday. Srsly!"

Goings on from dem places, he wents into teh Ceiling Catz shrines

an a cat wif a shwirveled paw was der. Dem Fairy-sees wants reason to accuze Happy Cat, dey asked him "It be lawzful to heelz on Caturday?"

An Happy Cat sed to dem, "If yuz has a sheep an it felled in a pit on Caturday, wud yu not helps it out?!

Duh! Iz lawzful to do gudz on Caturday!!!"

Den Happy Cat say, "Giv me yur paw, kthx."  Da man doez this, an he wuz maded better.

But da Fairy-sees went outz an plotted to killz Happy Cat.

Wen Happy Cat knowed dis, him went awayz. Many followin him, an him heelded all dem sicks,

sayin themz not to tellz who he wuz,

Dis is cuz Isaiah wuz sayin dis long agoes:

"Heerz my servent, who iz picked.


Him not will haf any catfites; 


Him not gonna break a broozed reed, whatever dem is; 


in hiz name teh catz will put dem hopez."

Den deyz bringin Happy Cat sum guy who is pozessed by teh basement catz minionsez, and does not see or spaeks, an Happy Cat heeld him, an teh cat cud see an heerz agin.

All dem kittehs were liek "NOWAI!!" and dey say, "Can dis be da Kitten of Davidz?"

But wen da Fairy-sees heer dis, dem sez, "Iz Beezlebubz, teh prince of basement cat, dat dis kitteh drivez outz teh deemuns.

Happy Cat noez dey is saying dis, and sez to dem, "All dem kingdums in peeces agenst itselfz will be maed bad, an all dem citehs or pack haus in peeces agenst itselfz not can stands.

If basement cat drives out basement cat, himz in peeces agenst himselfz. How canz his kingdums stand? Duh!

An if iz drivin out teh deemuns by Beezlebub, whoz yur kittehs drivin dem out wif?! Dem gonna be yur judge!

But if iz drivin out teh deemuns wif teh Hover Cat, then teh Ceiling Kingdums comin here wif yu.

"Or agin, how yu can go into teh haus ownd by a strong cat an take away him toyz if yu not gonna tie him up first?  Then yu can take away him toyz. Srsly!

If yuz not wif me yuz agenst me, an if yu not cuddle wif me yu go away!

An so I telled yu, every invisible error an bad wurds is gonna be maed okay for kittehs, but bad wurds against teh Hover Cat is not gonna be maed okay.

If yu speek a wurd agenst teh Kitten of Cats, yu gonna be maed okay, but if yu speek a wurd agenst teh Hover Cat yu is not gonna be maed okay, not in this wurld an not in teh next wurld.

Maek a tree gud an itz froot will be good, or maek a tree bad an itz froot will be bad, cuz a tree is knowd by itz froot.

Yu pile of dogz, howcome yuz evil tryin to say things good? Cuz iz yur heart that maeken dem words! Srsly!

Teh gud kitteh bringed fun playing from teh gud datz in him, an teh bad cat bringed catfites from teh bad datz in him.

But iz tellin yu dat cats will haf to splain on teh judgemint day for all teh careles wurds dem speeked.

Cuz by yur words yu will be maed okay, an by yur words yu will be locked in teh basement!

An then sum Fairy-sees an teechers of teh lawz sez to him, "Teecher, we can has meeracle from yu?"

Him sed, "An evul an cheetin breedz askin me fer a meeracle! But none of dem gonna get it except teh sign of teh proffit Jonah.

Cuz liek Jonah was tree dayz in an tree nights in teh belly of teh beeg fisheh, so teh kitten of catz gonna be in teh heart of teh urfs.

Teh cats of Nineveh gonna stand at teh judgemint wif yur breed an lock dem in teh basement, cuz demz said dem wur bad at teh preechin of Jonah, an now one bigger than Jonahz heer.

Teh Queen of teh Soufz gonna rise at teh judgemint wif yur breed an lock dem in teh basement, cuz she camed from teh ends of teh urfs to heer Solomon say smart thingz, an now one bigger than Solomonz heer! Srsly!

When teh evul spiritz comin out of a cat, it goes tru dry places lookin fer a nap an not finds it.

Then it sez, 'Iz gonna go back to da haus I left!'  When it gets der, itz findin teh haus empty, all maed cleen an neat.

Then it goes an taeks wif it seven other spirits moar evulz than itselfs, an they go in der and live der. An then teh cat is moar evul than he wuz before.  Srsly!  That is how itz gonna be wif yur breed.

While Happy Cat wuz still speeking to dem cats, his mammacat an littermates wuz outside, wanting to talk wif him.

Someone sez to him, "Yur mammacat an littermates iz outside, an dem wants to speek to yu! Kthx!"

Him sez back, "Wut?  Whoz my mammacat, an whoz my littermates?"

He nosed at his desiples, an sed, "Herez my mammacat an littermates.

undefined

Den Happy Cat goed out of teh houz n leid in som son beamz bai teh wet.

Lotsa kittehs finded Happy Cat, so him gots a bukkit and sitted out in the wet, and teh kittehs did not want wet, so dey sitz on da beaches.

Teh Happy Cat sed sum lols "Da kitteh had sum birdfudz 2 grows.

wHen he dropzed it in da streetz, sum burds nommed it.

den som falz on teh roxorz, n teh seeds wuz liek "we're in ur dirtz, growing big 4realz" cuz dere wuzzn't much dirtz.

teh sunny beams came and wuz lyek "GROWIN ROOTS, UR DOIN IT RONG" an wnet pyro ons em

sum falls in teh scrachie bushez, and teh scratchies not wnat tehm gro gud so tehy pwnd dem.

bt sum falled on teh gud dirt, where dey roflolled in2 bigg mommi and daddy plant, and dey gots real big. LOL

Yoos herded wot Iz sed? Srsly.

Desipuls confoosed an axt Happy Cat "Y yoo talk liek iz fureva storee tiem?"

An Jebus sed "Iz tellen yoos da seecruts uv da Ceiling but Iz nawt tellen da n00bs, lol.

Cuz iff yoos has cookies resapee yoos can has moar cookies butt iff yoos no can has resapee yoos no can has moar cookies

so Iz tels yoos storees

an da profet uv Isaiah is troo

(iz nawt has tiem to tels yoo da profet agen go luks eet up ursalf [1])

But yoos can has cheezburgr 4 ur moufs An bukkits 4 ur pawz

coz iz nawt da lier cat, coz liering is invisibl errur and Ceiling Cat wil pwnz0r."

"Yoos still dun getz it, lol.

k, da burdfuds on teh streetz wuz teh n00bs taht ar srsly dum an get pwnzd bai evuls.

da burdfuds on teh roXXors wuz persun who tink he no awl teh strat

but wehn he go into teh instance he gtz epic FAIL!!!1!! roflmao,

Den teh scratzie bush iz awl the stax uv sooper siez cheezburgrs an iff yoo eated too many sooepr siez cheezeburgr you getz fat An sqwish ursalf An get deded."

"But teh burdfuds in teh gud dirt iz teh kitteh hoo heers AN undastans teh wurd uv Ceilin Cat, so he getz da cheezburgrs an cookies but he noes dat eateding too much uv dem wil maek u fat lol."

Happy Cat den tolld a nuver storee. dis storee leik part too uv teh storee uv the kitteh wif da gud dirt.

Wun dai dis kitteh hav naps An basement Cat maded weedz (nawt weedz dat iz da catnipz fr hoomins lol) gro in teh kitteh's weet farm

so der wer weedz (nawt the gud wuns)groo wif der weets.

An den teh slayv woekd teh kitteh an sed "Dere ar weedz in ur weets. We can has bong?"

An teh kitteh sed "n00bs dat nawt teh gud weedz. Dey bad weedz in da weets." An den teh slayvs uv teh kitteh sed "yoo wanna us ta pullem owt?"

An teh kitteh sed "WTF ar yoos srsly??!!!1 yoo no hao much werks dat taek??!!!!?@

Wez jus sorts dem owt wen we picks de crops An bern de stinkeh weedz (nawt teh gud stink lol)An puts teh gud weets in mah weet howse."

So heers a storee abowt a musterd seed. Ceiling Cat kindom is leik musterd seed coz musterd seed maeks musterd an musterd is rly rly importen fur maeking cheezburgrs, so musterd seed iz importen liek Ceiling Cat kindom iz importen.

Oh waet storee nawt ovah yet. Den liddel teeneh musterd seed get putted in teh grownd An groos into dis hooj tree An it rly bootafool An stuffz An teh burds leik it. K nao dats teh en.

An I can has tellen nuver storee? Kingdum uv Ceiling iz leik yeest dat maeks da burgr rols dat they maek wit tree cupz uf flower to maek doh, an den doh rieses an den can maek cheesburgr.

undefined

7Toolz! Isaiah profisized about u when he sed


"Y don't ur guyz follow da wayz of teh olden catz? Htey don't wash b4 eatin!

Jebus sed STFU ur dum rulez break teh rulez of Ceiling Cat!

Ceiling Cat sed "Bez u good to papa An mama" and, "iff yuuz disses yur mommacat ur poppacat, you diez."

But u say that whoevr sez to his mommacat or poppacat, "U NO CAN HAS! Is for Ceiling Cat!"

iz gud. But Ceiling Cat hate htat!

undefined

"These kittehs alweyz say gud things about Me but suxx0r!

But wut they say doez no gud, cuz they teach as Ceiling Cat's lawz wut r rilly only kitteh laws."

And Jebus sed to evrybody: "LISTEN UP!

Iz not wut u eat that maeks u dirtie but wut comes out of u (an I don't mean hairbalz idiot I'm talking about mean wurds an stuf!)."

Then his guyz sed "Uhh Jebus thoz guyz r pissed now."

But Jebus sed "Evrthing not from Ceiling Cat is gun get killed!

Who carez about dem?  Htey r blinded and so r all der frendz so they will fall into a ditch lol."

An Peter sed: "WUT, WUT!?"

An Jebus said, "U NEWB!!!

Look, wut u eat gos in ur mouth ends up in teh litterbox so who carez (srsly who cares)

But wut u say comes from ur hart so htat's wut realy matterz.

From teh hart come evil thoughtz, merderz, all teh bad kinds of sexx0rz, stealings (RIAA lol!), liez, an blasfemieez.

Thez r wut actualy maek u dirtie, so who carez if u eat without washen ur hands!?"

Then Jebus an crew went to Tyre and Sidon (where der r lotz of nice beaches an sunshine and such).

Then a girl-kitteh frum Canaan showed up an said rly rly loud: "HALP! HALP! HALP, O LORD, son of David! My litl girl-kitteh haz a devil!"

But Jebus he ignord her. So his disciples were all liek, "Make her STFU!"

But he sed, "I wuz sent only to teh lost kittehs of Israel."

Then she an wurshiped him an saying, "Lord, halp plz."

But he sed, "It is not gud to take the catnip from teh kittehs and give it to strayz!" (NEWBZ)

An she said, "Ya, but even strayz eat teh bits of catnip that end up in teh trashcans."

Jebus sed "Wow, finally sumbody who actualy getz it! I'll totaly halp your kitteh."  An wen she went back home her kitteh was OK.

Jebus left an cum to teh sea of Galilee. He went up a big hill an sat down. And he wuz like "GGGAAAHHH!!!!!! SO, MUCH, WALKING"

And liek a bajillion kittehs came to him with all der friendz who were lame (lol NEWBZ), blind, dum (rofl copter), maimd, etc, and Jesus cast cure 3 on all of dem.

When they saw the dum speak (lol stil funny), an the maimd OK again, an the lame to walk (rofl lame), and the blind to see they were all leik "YEAH!!!! CEILINGCAT IZ AWZOMEZ!!!!!!!!!"

Then Jebus sed to his guyz "I haz compassun on teh d00dz, cuz they have lik bin wit me 3 dayz but haz no cheezburgrs, an I wont send them away wifout some cookiez coz they would die an dat wuld be sad.

His d00dz were leik "Uhh... WTF? where r we gunna get foodz for them all?  We r in teh middl of nowhere an we don't even haz can opener or nething!"

An Jebus (probably ticked because srsly he just did this miracle liek 20 minutes ago lol) sed, "Do you haz cheezburger?" An they said, "7 cheezburger an a few fishies."

He told teh d00dz to sit down,

and he took the 7 cheezburgerz and the fishies, and thanked Ceiling Cat and cut them up into bite-size pieces (teh fishes not teh cheezburgerz cuz srsly who wants to eat littl pieces of cheezburger? lol) and gave them to his d00dz an they took teh foodz to all teh ppls

And all teh ppl eated and were stuffd, an there were 7 baskets full of leftovers.

undefined

teh fariseez an sadduceez came 2 Happy Cat an testd him by askin him 2 show them sign frum heaven.

he replid, [a] "when evenin comez, u say, it will be fair weathr, 4 da sky iz red,

an in da mornin, todai it will be stormy, 4 da sky iz red an overcast. U knoe how 2 interpret teh appearance ov teh sky, but u cant interpret teh signs ov teh tiems.

wickd an adulterous generashun lookz 4 sign, but nonez will be given it except teh sign ov jonah." Happy Cat den left them an wen away.

when they went acros teh laek, teh disciplez forgot 2 taek bread.

"be careful," Happy Cat sed 2 them. "be on ur guard against teh yeast ov teh fariseez an sadduceez."

they discusd dis among themselvez an sed, "it cuz we didnt brin any bread."

aware ov their discushun, Happy Cat askd, "u ov lil faith, y r u talkin among yourselvez bout havin no bread?

do u still not understand? Doan u remembr teh 5 loavez 4 da 5 thousand, an how lotz da basketfuls u gatherd?

or teh 7 loavez 4 da 4 thousand, an how lotz da basketfuls u gatherd? 11 how iz u doan understand dat i wuz not talkin 2 u bout bread? But be on ur guard against teh yeast ov teh fariseez an sadduceez."

undefined

den they understood dat he wuz not tellin them 2 guard against teh yeast usd in bread, but against teh teachin ov teh fariseez an sadduceez.

when Happy Cat came 2 teh region ov caesarea filippi, he askd his disciplez, "hoo do peeps say teh son ov man iz?"

they replid, "sum say john teh baptist; others say Elikhat; an still others, jeremiah or wan ov teh profets."

"but wut bout u?" he askd. "hoo do u say im?"

simon petr anzwerd, "u r teh mesiah, teh son ov teh livin ceilin cat."

Happy Cat repleid, "blesd r u, simon son ov jonah, 4 dis wuz not reveald 2 u by flesh an blood, but by mah fathr in heaven.

an i tell u dat u r petr, [b] an on dis rawk im gonna build mah church, an teh gatez ov death [c] will not overcome it.

im gonna giv u teh keys ov teh kingdom ov heaven; whatevr u bind on earth will be [d] bound in heaven, an whatevr u loose on earth will be [e] loosd in heaven."

den he orderd his disciplez not 2 tell anyone dat he wuz teh mesiah.

frum dat tiem on Happy Cat began 2 explain 2 his disciplez dat he must go 2 jerusalem an suffr lotz da things at teh hanz ov teh Old Cats, teh chief cat priests an teh teachers ov teh kitty law, an dat he must be killd an on teh third dai be raisd 2 life like da zombie kitty.

petr took him aside an began 2 rebuke him. "nevr, Happy Cat!" he sed. "dis shall nevr happen 2 u!"

Happy Cat turnd an sed 2 petr, "git behind me, Basement Cat! U r stumblin block 2 me; u do not has in mind teh concerns ov ceilin cat, but merely hooman concerns."

den Happy Cat sed 2 his disciplez, "whoevr wants 2 be mah disciple must deny themselvez an taek up dere cros an follow me.

4 whoevr wants 2 save their nom [f] will lose it, but whoevr losez their nom 4 me will find it and cheezburgers.

wut gud will it be 4 u 2 gain teh all de cheezburgers, yet forfeit ur own nom? Or wut can u giv in exchange 4 ur own nom?

undefined

Aftr 6 dais Jesus took with him petr, jamez an john teh brothr ov jamez, an led them up high mountain by themselvez.

thar he wuz tranzfigurd before them. His face shone liek teh sun, an his clothez became as wite as teh light!

Jus den thar appeard before them mosez an Elikhat, talkin wif Jesus!

Petr sed 2 Jesus, "lord, it good 4 us 2 be here. If u wish, im gonna put up 3 shelter - 1 4 u,1 4 mosez an 1 4 Elikhat."

While he wuz still speakin, bright cloud coverd them, an voice frum teh cloud sed, "dis ar teh mah son, whom i luv; wif him im well pleezd. Listen 2 him!"

when teh disciplez herd dis, they fell facedown 2 teh ground, terrifid.

but Jesus came an touchd them. "git up," he sed. "doan be afraid."

when they lookd up, they saw no wan except Jesus.

as they wuz comin down teh mountain, jesus instructd them, "doan tell anyone wut u has seen, til teh son ov man has been raisd frum teh ded!"

teh disciplez askd him, "y den do teh teachers ov teh law say dat Elikhat must come furst?"

jebus replid, "2 be sure, Elikhat comez an will restore all things.

but i tell u, Elikhat has already come, an they did not recognize him, but has dun 2 him evrythin they wishd. In da same wai teh son ov man iz goin 2 suffr at their hanz."

den teh disciplez understood dat he wuz talkin 2 them bout john teh baptist.

When they came 2 teh crowd, man approachd jesus an knelt before him.

"lord, has mercy on mah son," he sed. "he has seizurez an iz sufferin greatly. He often falls into teh fire or into teh watr.

i brought him 2 ur disciplez, but they cud not heal him."

"U unbelievin an perverse generashun," jesus replid, "how long shall i stay wif u? How long shall i put up wif u? Brin teh boy hear 2 me."

Jesus rebukd teh demon, an it came out ov teh boy, an he wuz heald frum dat moment.

den teh disciplez came 2 jesus in private an askd, "y couldnt we driv it out?"

He replid, "cuz u has so lil faith.

Srsly i tells u, if u has faith as tiny as kibble, u can say 2 dis mountain, moov!, an it will moov. Nothin will be imposible 4 u!"

when they be hangin togethr in galilee, he sed 2 them, "teh son ov man iz goin 2 be deliverd ovar 2 ebil kittehs.

he will be killd, an on teh third dai he will be back to life but not zombie ew." an his homiez wuz filld wif sad.

aftr jesus an his disciplez arrivd in capernaum, teh collectors ov teh 2-drachma temple tax came 2 petr an askd, "doesnt ur teachr pai teh temple tax?"

"yez, he doez," he replid.  When petr came into teh houz, jesus wuz teh furst 2 speek. "wut do u finkz, simon?" he askd. "frum whom do teh kings ov teh earth collect duty an taxez -frum their own children or frum others?"

"frum others," petr anzwerd.  "den teh children r exempt," jesus sed 2 him.

undefined

Den teh disaiplz asked Jesus: "Who is teh graetest in teh Howse in Ceiling?"

Jesus told a kitteh "yu, stand wif mai disaiplz",

an Jesus told teh disaiplz: "Yarly, I is telling yu, if yu not become nice like tiny kittehz here, yu nevar gets into Howse in Ceiling.

If yu is humbull liek littul kitteh heer, yu is graetest in Howse in Ceiling.

An if anyun axepts an welcoms kittehs like dis in Mai Naem, den tehy also axepts an welcoms Me, an dey can has cheezburger.

But if anyun maeks a littul kitteh to maek an invisible error, dey no can haz cheezburger, 'cos making little kitteh maek invisible errors iz worse than falling into bathtub. Deep bathtub, with claws stuck in scratchpost!

Oh noes tu wurld for errors! Errors happens, dis troo, but oh noes on teh cat wut maeks teh errors.

Iffen yur paw cauzez yu to make invisible errors, yu cuts it off if yu knoes wuts best fur yu. For havin lief for evur wifout a paw, iz better den havin all for pawz an burnun in fier for evur.

An if yur eye cauzez yu to make invisible errors, claw it out and frow it away. 'Cos havin lief wif wun eye is bettar den havin tu eyez and go-un tu teh Hell Fier.

B keerfle not 2 haet teh little kittehs. Cos teh little kittehs has hovr d00ds what alweys sees teh face of my Daddy in Ceiling.

Cos teh Kitteh ov Kitteh came to save lost stuffs.

What does u think? If a cat has a hunnerd sheeps, an loses 1, duznt he leaves teh ohter 99 in house, and goes look 4 teh lost 1?

An if he finds it, ya rly, I sez it, he iz happier for teh 1 he founded den for teh 99 what stayded hoem.

Just liek dat, our Daddy in Ceiling wants 2 saev every singel one of teh kittehs.

If ur bruther makes invisible error at u, go 2 him in sekrit, and tell him "u did wrong" so no1 els hearz it. If he listens, u can haz a bruther again.

If he no listen, u gets a few witnisis, and bring witnessis wit u, to maek him listen.

An if he still no listen, u tells it to all of church! But if he no listen 2 church, u nots enymoar treat him liek bruther. Treat him liek bad cat from teh house across teh road, or liek a cat that is in ur house, drinking ur milk.

YA RLY, what you messes into a ball of string here on urths, it still be tied up in string in Ceiling. And if you sets sumthing lose on urths, it be free in Ceiling.

I sez it agin: If two of you cats on urths agree to ask for sumthings, then Ceiling Cat, who is my daddy in Ceiling, he does it.

Cos if 2 or 3 of you are 2gether and u sez My Naem, I iz with u. Srsly."

Peter had kwestshun. He said to teh Ceiling Cat: "How many tiems do I 4give my bruther if he makes invisible error at me? Seven tiems?"

Jesus sed to Peter: "No wai, I did not say 7 times. U must forgive ur bruther's invisible error over nine thousand times!

So teh Howse in Ceiling is liek a king who wanted all dets made fixed wit the cats working for him.

Kingcat did so and found Workercat what wuz supposed to pay him over nine thousand munney.

But Workercat no had nine thousand munney. So Kingcat said "Taek his cheezburger away, and sell it so I can haz munney."

Workercat was very sad and said: "No wai, plz! I can haz moar time, and I pays u ur munney, promise!"

So teh Kingcat was a nice cat and maded teh debt go away.

But Workercat found anuther cat what had a det of a few munnies to Workercat. (Not many.) Workercat wuz angry at Othercat and said "U pays me or els!"

So Othercat was very sad and said: "No wai, plz! I can haz moar time, and I pays u ur munney, promise!"

But Workercat no gived Othercat moar time. He maded Othercat get locked in box until he payded.

Lots of cats wer looking an saw whut Workercat did. Teh Lookingcats wuz sad and tolded Kingcat whut happened.

Kingcat made frowny face at Workercat and sed: "Srsly, d00d, u iz bad cat. I maded ur debt go away cos u was sad.

Y u not maded Othercat's det go away when he wuz sad?"

An Kingcat was not happy, and maded Workercat's det un-go away, and said to Torchurcat: "U can scratch Workercat until he gives me teh munneys he owed."

undefined

When Jebus had finishd sayin thees things, He left Galilee an went into teh region ov Judea to teh othr side ov teh Jordan.

Large crowdz followd Him, an He heald them thar.

Sum Fariseez came to Him to test him.  Dey askd, "Iz lawful for man to divors him wife for any an evry reason?"

"Havnt yu read," He replid, "Dat at teh beginnin teh Creator made them male an female

an sed, for dis reason man will leef his Fathr an Mommy an be unitd 2 his wife, an teh 2 will become wan flesh.

So they r no longr 2, but wan.  Therefore wut Celing Cat has joind togethr, let man not separate.

"Y den," they askd, "Did Mosez command dat man giv his wife certificate ov divorce an send her away?"

Jebus replid, "Mosez permitted U 2 divorce ur wivez cuz ur hearts wuz hard.  But it wuz not dis wai frum teh beginnin."

"I tell U dat anyone hoo divorcez his wife, except 4 marital unfaithfulnes, an marriez anothr woman commits adultery."

Teh disciplez sed 2 Him, "If dis ar teh situashun tween husband an wife, it better not 2 marry."

Jebus replid, "Not everyone can accept dis werd, but only dose 2 whom it has been given."

4 Sum r eunuchs cuz they wuz born dat wai; others wuz made dat wai by doodz; an others has renouncd marriage cuz of teh Kingdom ov Heaven.  Teh wan hoo can accept dis shud accept it."

Then little children were brought to Jesus for him to place his hands on them and pray for them. But the disciples rebuked those who brought them.

Jebus sez, "Let teh itteh bitteh kettehs come 2 meh, and do not hinder dem, 4 teh ceiling of heaven belongz 2 kittehs liek dem."

Wen hee had put hiz paws on dem, he went on from der.

Now a d00d cames up to Jebus an ask, "Teacher, I does wat gud stuf so I can has eeturmal lyfs?"*

"Whai ju aks me abot whut goodz?" Jebus saied. "Der onlee Wun iz goodz. U wants 2 has lyfs, U obyz teh comandamanamenz."

"Whut comandamanamenz?" aks teh reech kitteh. Jebus saied, " 'No kilin doodz, no sexin owtsayd marege, no taksin cheezburgr from peepuls, no can tells lai,

respeckz ur momz and daz,' an 'luvz ur naibors but not wif sexin.'"

"Did dat aredy, srsly.  I can has eeturmal lyfs nao?"

Jebus den sais, "If u wan bee purfex, go, sel ur stufs an gevs ur cheezburgrs 2 teh pors, n den u can has invisible cheezburgr. Den cum, fowul meez."

Den reech mans went awai sadz, becuz he hadz many monys.

Den Jeezus sai to hiz desiplz, "Im teh srs, it teh sux 4 a rich kittn to go 2 teh Ceiling.

Aiz tel yu geiz agin, it srsly moar easier 4 graet daen to fit in teh tiny cat cariur dan for fancey feast kitteh two go to teh Howse uf teh Ceiling Cat."\

Disipulz hearz, dey leik NO WAI!!1 HU B SAEVD DEN??

Jeezus lukee dem, sai, "Wif manz dis iz FAIL, but wif Ceiling Cat evrytingz lolcodable."

Petrz leik, "Weez lef ar stufs 2 folow u! Can has cheezburgr or cookie or wut?"

Jeezus dun sai 2 demz, "Ai tell u trewfs, @ teh restart, wen Sun of Kittehs sits on his kewl cat condo, u wil urselfs sit on twelv cat condoz, judgin teh twelv breedz uv Israel.

An evrybudiez lef howsiz or brovrz or sisez or studz or queenz or kittnz or catbowlz 4 maek me cheezburgr will has awsum intrist raet on IOUz an wil has zombi-ness.

undefined

Hokai, teh ceiling iz liek a dood tat has a howse, who wakes up in teh earlee mornin 2 get kittehs 2 werk 4 himz.

and he sed "i only gonna give u penny LOLZ!!" and teh kittehs sez "hokai" and dey go do teh werk

"bout 9 in da mornin he went out an saw others standin in da marketplace doin nothin.

he told them, u also go an werk in mah vineyard, an im gonna pai u whatevr iz rite.

so they went. "he went out again bout noon an bout 3 in da afternoon an did teh same ting.

bout 5 in da afternoon he went out an findz still others standin around. He askd them, y has u been standin her all dai long doin nothin?

" cuz no wan has hird us, they anzwerd. 
"he sed 2 them, u also go an werk in mah vineyard.

"when evenin came, teh ownr ov teh vineyard sed 2 his supervisor, call teh werkers an pai them their wagez, beginnin wif teh last onez hird an goin on 2 teh furst.

"teh werkers hoo wuz hird bout 5 in da afternoon came an each receivd 1 penny.

so when dose came hoo wuz hird furst, they iz liek, "i can has moar?". But each wan ov them also receivd penny.

when they receivd it, they began 2 grumble against teh landownr.

thees doodz hoo wuz hird last werkd only wan hour, they sed, an u has made them equal 2 us hoo has borne teh burden ov teh werk an teh heat ov teh dai.

"but he anzwerd wan ov them, frend, i r not bean unfair 2 u. Didnt u agree 2 werk 4 penny?

taek ur pai an go. I wants 2 giv teh wan hoo wuz hird last teh same as i gaev u.

doan i has teh rite 2 do wut i wants wif mah own money? Or r u envious cuz im generous?

"so teh last will be furst, an teh furst will be last."

nao happy cat wuz goin up 2 jerusalem. On teh wai, he took teh twelve aside an sed 2 dem

"we r goin up 2 jruslem, an teh son ov ceilin cat will be deliverd ovar 2 teh meen peples. They will condemn him 2 deddin

an will giv him 2 teh gentilez 2 be maded funs of and hurted and den dedded!! On teh third dai he will be raisd 2 life!"

den teh mommy ov zebedeez sons came 2 jesus wif her sons an, kneelin down, askd favor ov him.

"wut iz u wants?" he askd. 
She sed, "grant dat wan ov thees 2 sons ov mine cud sit at ur rite an teh othr at ur left in ur kingdom."

"u doan knoe wut u r askin," happy cat sed 2 them. "can u drink teh cup im goin 2 drink?" 
"we can," they anzwerd.

happy cat sed 2 them, "u will inded drink frum mah cup, but 2 sit at mah rite or left iz not 4 me 2 grant. Thees placez belong 2 dose 4 whom they has been prepard by mah fathr."

when teh 10 herd bout dis, they wuz indignant wif teh 2 brothers.

happy cat calld them togethr an sed, "u knoe dat teh rulers ov teh gentilez lord it ovar them, an their high officials exercize authority ovar them.

not so wif u. Instead, whoevr wants 2 become great among u must be ur servant, 27 an whoevr wants 2 be furst must be ur slave -

undefined

jus as teh son ov man did not come 2 be servd, but 2 serve, an 2 giv his life as ranzom 4 lotz da."

as happy cat an his disciplez wuz leavin jericho, large crowd followd him.

2 blind doodz wuz sittin by teh roadside, an when they herd dat happi cat wuz goin by, they shoutd, "cat, son ov dat man-person, has teh mercy on us!"

teh crowd rebukd them an told them 2 be quiet, but they shoutd all teh loudr, "dood, son ov dat guy, has mercy on us!"

happy cat stoppd an calld them. "wut do u wants me 2 do 4 u?" he askd.

undefined

An den Jeezus got intuh Bethphage clos ta Jerusalem. Dey werz on a heepz ov salty grapz. Den hee sed go to too kitty jeezezes.

He dun toldzem. Goto dem hutz and fine some ass and a fillee; bring herz to me.

An if deez gize giv yuh guff. Yo meau. Baybee-Ceiling-Cat Jeebas wantz em. Hee wilz shutz up den.

It allz happenz lik hee sed. Lik hee haz seez duh fyoocher an sez so.

undefined

undefined

undefined

undefined

undefined

jesus spoke 2 them again in parablez, sayin:

"teh kingdom ov heaven iz liek king hoo prepard weddin banquet 4 his son.

he sent his servants 2 dose hoo had been invitd 2 teh banquet 2 tell them 2 come, but they refusd 2 come.

"den he sent sum moar servants an sed, tell dose hoo has been invitd dat i has prepard mah dinnr: mah oxen an fattend kattle has been butcherd, an evrythin iz ready. Come 2 teh weddin banquet.

"but they paid no attenshun an went offâ€”wan 2 his field, anothr 2 his busines.

teh rest seizd his servants, mistreatd them an killd them.

teh king wuz enragd. He sent his army an destroyd dose murderers an burnd their city.

"den he sed 2 his servants, teh weddin banquet iz ready, but dose i invitd did not deserve 2 come.

go 2 teh street corners an invite 2 teh banquet anyone u find.

so teh servants went out into teh streets an gatherd all teh peeps they cud find, teh bad as well as teh gud, an teh weddin hall wuz filld wif guests.

"but when teh king came in 2 c teh guests, he noticd man thar hoo wuz not wearin weddin clothez.

frend, he askd, how did u git in her without weddin clothez? Teh man wuz speechles.

"den teh king told teh attendants, tie him hand an foot, an throw him outside, into teh darknes, wer thar will be weepin an gnashin ov teeth.

"4 lotz da r invitd, but few r chosen."

den teh fariseez went out an laid planz 2 trap him in his werdz.

they sent their disciplez 2 him along wif teh herodianz. "teachr," they sed, "we knoe dat u r man ov integrity an dat u teach teh wai ov ceilin cat in accordance wif teh truth. U arent swayd by others, cuz u pai no attenshun 2 hoo they r.

tell us den, wut iz ur opinion? Iz rite 2 pai teh imperial tax [a] 2 caesar or not?"

but jesus, knowin their evil intent, sed, "u hypocritez, y r u tryin 2 trap me?

show me teh coin usd 4 payin teh tax." they brought him denarius,

an he askd them, "whose image iz dis? An whose inscripshun?"

"caesars," they replid. 
Den he sed 2 them, "giv bak 2 caesar wut iz caesars, an 2 ceilin cat wut iz ceilin cats."

when they herd dis, they wuz amazd. So they left him an went away.

dat same dai teh sadduceez, hoo say thar iz no resurrecshun, came 2 him wif queshun.

"teachr," they sed, "mosez told us dat if man diez without havin children, his brothr must marry teh widow an raize up offsprin 4 him.

nao thar wuz 7 brothers among us. Teh furst wan marrid an did, an since he had no children, he left his wife 2 his brothr.

teh same ting happend 2 teh second an third brothr, rite on down 2 teh seventh.

finally, teh woman did.

nao den, at teh resurrecshun, whose wife will she be ov teh 7, since all ov them wuz marrid 2 her?"

jesus replid, "u r in error cuz u do not knoe teh scripturez or teh powr ov ceilin cat.

at teh resurrecshun peeps will neithr marry nor be given in marriage; they will be liek teh angels in heaven.

but bout teh resurrecshun ov teh dedâ€”has u not read wut ceilin cat sed 2 u,

i r ceilin cat ov abraham, teh ceilin cat ov isaac, an teh ceilin cat ov jacob [b]? He iz not teh ceilin cat ov teh ded but ov teh livin."

when teh crowdz herd dis, they wuz astonishd at his teachin!

hearin dat jebus had silencd teh sadduceez, teh fariseez got togethr.

wan ov them, an expert in da law, testd him wif dis queshun:

"teachr, which iz teh greatest commandment in da law?"

jesus replid: " luv teh lord ur ceilin cat wif all ur hart an wif all ur soul an wif all ur mind. [c]

dis ar teh teh furst an greatest commandment.

an teh second iz liek it: luv ur neighbor as yourself. [d]

all teh law an teh profets hang on thees 2 commandments."

while teh fariseez wuz gatherd togethr, jebus askd them,

"wut do u finkz bout teh mesiah? Whose son iz he?" 
"teh son ov david," they replid.

he sed 2 them, "how iz den dat david, speakin by teh spirit, calls him lord? 4 he sez,

" teh lord sed 2 mah lord: 
"sit at mah rite hand 
Til i put ur enemiez 
Undr ur feet." [e]

undefined

den jebus sed 2 teh crowdz an 2 his disciplez:

"teh teachers ov teh law an teh fariseez sit in mosez seat.

so u must be careful 2 do evrythin they tell u. But do not do wut they do,

they do not practice wut they preach. 4 they tie up heavy, cumbersome loadz an put them on othr peeps shoulders, but they themselvez r not willin 2 lift fingr 2 moov them.

"evrythin they do iz dun 4 peeps 2 c: they mak their fylacteriez [a] wide an teh tasels on their garments long;

they luv teh place ov honor at banquets an teh most important seats in da synagoguez;

they luv 2 be greetd wif respect in da marketplacez an 2 has peeps call them rabbi.

"but u r not 2 be calld rabbi, 4 u has only wan mastah an u r all brothers.

an do not call anyone on earth fathr, 4 u has wan fathr, an he iz in heaven.

nor r u 2 be calld teachr, 4 u has wan teachr, teh mesiah.

teh greatest among u will be ur servant.

4 dose hoo exalt themselvez will be humbld, an dose hoo humble themselvez will be exaltd.

"woe 2 u, teachers ov teh law an fariseez, u hypocritez!

U shut teh door ov teh kingdom ov heaven in peeps facez. U yourselvez do not entr, nor will u let dose entr hoo r tryin 2.

"woe 2 u, teachers ov teh law an fariseez, u hypocritez! U travel ovar land an sea 2 win single convert, an den u mak dat convert twice as mutch child ov hell as u r.

"woe 2 u, blind guidez! U say, if anyone swears by teh temple, it meanz nothin; but whoevr swears by teh gold ov teh temple iz bound by teh oath.

u blind fools! Which iz greatr: teh gold, or teh temple dat makez teh gold sacrd?

u also say, if anyone swears by teh altar, it meanz nothin; but whoevr swears by teh gift on teh altar iz bound by teh oath.

u blind doodz! Which iz greatr: teh gift, or teh altar dat makez teh gift sacrd?

therefore, anyone hoo swears by teh altar swears by it an by evrythin on it.

an anyone hoo swears by teh temple swears by it an by teh wan hoo dwells in it.

an anyone hoo swears by heaven swears by ceilin cats throne an by teh wan hoo sits on it.

"woe 2 u, teachers ov teh law an fariseez, u hypocritez! U giv tenth ov ur spicez -mint, dill an cumin. But u has neglectd teh moar important matters ov teh law - justice, mercy an faithfulnes. U shud has practicd teh lattr, without neglectin teh formr.

u blind guidez! U strain out gnat but swallow camel.

"woe 2 u, teachers ov teh law an fariseez, u hypocritez! U clean teh outside ov teh cup an dish, but inside they r full ov gred an self-indulgence.

blind farisee! Furst clean teh inside ov teh cup an dish, an den teh outside also will be clean.

"woe 2 u, teachers ov teh law an fariseez, u hypocritez! U r liek whitewashd tombs, which look beautiful on teh outside but on teh inside r full ov teh bonez ov teh ded an evrythin unclean.

in da same wai, on teh outside u appear 2 peeps as righteous but on teh inside u r full ov hypocrisy an wickednes.

"woe 2 u, teachers ov teh law an fariseez, u hypocritez! U build tombs 4 da profets an decorate teh gravez ov teh righteous.

an u say, if we had livd in da dais ov r ancestors, we wud not has taken part wif them in sheddin teh blood ov teh profets.

so u testify against yourselvez dat u r teh descendants ov dose hoo murderd teh profets.

fill up, den, teh measure ov teh sin ov ur ancestors!

"u snakez! U brood ov vipers! How will u escape bean condemnd 2 teh grave?

therefore im sendin u profets an sagez an teachers. Sum ov them u will kill an crucify; others u will flog in ur synagoguez an pursue frum town 2 town.

an so upon u will come all teh righteous blood dat has been shd on earth, frum teh blood ov righteous abel 2 teh blood ov zechariah son ov berekiah, whom u murderd tween teh temple an teh altar.

truly i tell u, all dis will come on dis generashun.

"jerusalem, jerusalem, u hoo kill teh profets an stone dose sent 2 u, how often i has longd 2 gathr ur children togethr, as hen gathers her chickz undr her wings, an u wuz not willin.

undefined

jesus left teh temple an wuz walkin away when his disciplez came up 2 him 2 call his attenshun 2 itz buildings.

"do u c all thees things?" he askd. "truly i tell u, not wan stone her will be left on anothr; evry wan will be thrown down."

as jesus wuz sittin on teh mount ov olivez, teh disciplez came 2 him privately. "tell us," they sed, "when will dis happen, an wut will be teh sign ov ur comin an ov teh end ov teh age?"

jesus anzwerd: "watch out dat no wan deceivez u.

4 lotz da will come in mah naym, claimin, i r mesiah, an will deceiv lotz da.

u will hear ov wars an rumors ov wars, but c 2 it dat u r not alarmd. Such things must happen, but teh end iz still 2 come.

nashun will rize against nashun, an kingdom against kingdom. Thar will be faminez an earthquakez in various placez.

all thees r teh beginnin ov birf pains.

"den u will be handd ovar 2 be persecutd an put 2 death, an u will be hatd by all nashuns cuz ov me.

at dat tiem lotz da will turn away frum teh faith an will betray an hate each othr,

an lotz da false profets will appear an deceiv lotz da peeps.

cuz ov teh increase ov wickednes, teh luv ov most will grow cold,

but whoevr standz firm 2 teh end will be savd.

an dis gospel ov teh kingdom will be preachd in da whole wurld as testimony 2 all nashuns, an den teh end will come.

"so when u c standin in da holy place teh abominashun dat causez desolashun, [a] spoken ov thru teh profet daniel "let teh readr understand"

den let dose hoo r in judea run 2 teh hills

let no wan on teh haustop go down 2 taek anythin out ov teh houz.

let no wan in da field go bak 2 git their cloak.

how dreadful it will be in dose dais 4 pregnant women an nursin mothers!

pray dat ur flight will not taek place in wintr or on teh sabbath.

4 den thar will be great distres, unequald frum teh beginnin ov teh wurld til now - an nevr 2 be equald again.

"if dose dais had not been cut short, no wan wud surviv, but 4 da saek ov teh elect dose dais will be shortend.

at dat tiem if anyone sez 2 u, look, her iz teh mesiah! Or, thar he iz! Do not bleev it.

4 false mesiahs an false profets will appear an perform great signs an wonders 2 deceiv, if posible, even teh elect.

c, i has told u ahead ov tiem.

"so if anyone tells u, thar he iz, out in da wildernes, do not go out; or, her he iz, in da innr rooms, do not bleev it.

4 as lightnin dat comez frum teh east iz visible even in da west, so will be teh comin ov teh son ov man.

wherevr thar iz carcas, thar teh vulturez will gathr.

"immediately aftr teh distres ov dose dais 
" teh sun will be darkend, 
An teh moon will not giv itz light; 
Teh stars will fall frum teh sky, 
An teh heavenly bodiez will be shaken. [b]

"at dat tiem teh sign ov teh son ov man will appear in da sky, an all teh peoplez ov teh earth [c] will mourn. They will c teh son ov man comin on teh cloudz ov heaven, wif powr an great glory.

an he will send his angels wif loud trumpet call, an they will gathr his elect frum teh 4 windz, frum wan end ov teh heavens 2 teh othr.

"nao lern dis leson frum teh fig tree: as soon as itz twigs git tendr an itz leavez come out, u knoe dat summr iz near.

even so, when u c all thees things, u knoe dat it [d] iz near, rite at teh door.

truly i tell u, dis generashun will certainly not pas away til all thees things has happend.

heaven an earth will pas away, but mah werdz will nevr pas away.

"but bout dat dai or hour no wan knows, not even teh angels in heaven, nor teh son, [e] but only teh fathr.

as it wuz in da dais ov noah, so it will be at teh comin ov teh son ov man.

4 in da dais before teh flood, peeps wuz eatin an drinkin, marryin an givin in marriage, up 2 teh dai noah enterd teh ark;

an they knew nothin bout wut wud happen til teh flood came an took them all away. Dat iz how it will be at teh comin ov teh son ov man.

2 doodz will be in da field; wan will be taken an teh othr left.

2 women will be grindin wif hand mill; wan will be taken an teh othr left.

"therefore keep watch, cuz u do not knoe on wut dai ur lord will come.

but understand dis: if teh ownr ov teh houz had known at wut tiem ov nite teh thief wuz comin, he wud has kept watch an wud not has let his houz be brokd into.

so u also must be ready, cuz teh son ov man will come at an hour when u do not expect him.

"hoo den iz teh faithful an wize servant, whom teh mastah has put in charge ov teh servants in his haushold 2 giv them their fud at teh propr tiem?

it will be gud 4 dat servant whose mastah findz him doin so when he returns.

truly i tell u, he will put him in charge ov all his posesshuns.

but suppose dat servant iz wickd an sez 2 him, mah mastah iz stayin away long tiem,

an he den begins 2 beat his fellow servants an 2 eat an drink wif drunkardz.

teh mastah ov dat servant will come on dai when he doez not expect him an at an hour he iz not aware ov.

undefined

"At that tyme the couch of the cieling will be like 10 gurlz who can has some flashlites and go meetz teh man at teh door.

5 wur stoopid and 5 wur not stoopid.

Teh stoopid gurlz gotz flashlites, but no baterys.

Teh not stoopid onez brot baterys.

Teh man wuz gonna be rly late, n tey al took a nap.

"In teh night some dood yelld: 'It's teh man!  Go meets him!'

"Then al teh gurlz wok up n turnd on teh flashlites.

Teh stoopid gurlz said to teh not stoopid gurlz: 'I can has ur baterys?  Mine r dead.'

"'No' teh not stoopid gurlz said 'These r mah baterys!  Go buys some.'

"But wile tey wur gone buyin teh baterys, teh man arived.  Teh not stoopid gurlz went in wit teh man to his crib to parteh n tey close teh door.

"Latr teh stoopid gurlz came.  'Dood!' tey said 'We r outsid r door, waitin for u to let us in!'

"But teh man said 'Who r u?  Go away, this is mah parteh!'

"So keep redy for teh couch of the cieling, cus u don't kno wen Jebus is comin bak.

It also wil be liek a CEO kitteh wif a big company goin on vacashun, who taeks all the monyz frum company and divideds it up and gav it all to the cleaning kittehs.

To one he gav $5 billionz monyz, to anuther he gav $2 billionz monyz, and to anuther gav $1 billion monyz, each basd on whut he thot tey cud do. Tehn he left.

Teh one wit $5 billonz went to stok brokerz and short-saled the Dow and crashed fiev companyz n gotz $10 billionz monyz.

Teh one wit $2 billionz also went to stok brokerz n short-saled NASDAQ and crashed 10 companyz and gotz $4 billonz monyz.

But teh cleaning kitteh who got $1 billionz moneyz divided the monyz into 10,000 $100,000 pilz  and put the monyz in free cheking accounts wif no interest but backed by FDIC so he wudn't looz enny o teh monyz. It wud al be saef.

"Then teh CEO came bak from vacashun n asked teh cleaning kittehs, "I can has monyz?"

Teh cleaning kitteh what gotz teh $5 billionz brot teh other $5 billionz he got. 'Suh,' he sayd, 'You can has gav me $5 billionz monyz.  I gotz liek $5 billionz mor! I crashed teh Dow, but u can has mor monyz!'

"Teh CEO sayd, 'O rly?  No wai!  Ur so awsum!  U gud wit my monyz; so now I maekz you Viec Pressdent o Monyz for company!  I so hapy, let's parteh!'

"Teh cleaning kitteh what gotz $2 billionz monyz cam next.  'Suh,' he sayd, 'You can has gave me $2 billionz monyz;  I gotz liek $2 billionz mor!' I braekded NASDAQ, but you can has mor monyz!

"Teh CEO sayd, 'O rly?  No wai!  Ur so awsum!  U gud wit my monyz; so now I maekz u Viec Pressdent o Saelz for company!  I so hapy, let's parteh!'

"Then teh saef cleaning kitteh caem.  'Suh,' he sayd, 'I knowz you can be meanys sumtimes, takin mor than wat u startd wit, cheetin, and takin stuffs dat isn't urs.

So I gots scaerd n putted al ur monyz into saef accountz backed by teh guvmint.  Look, I givz u bak ur allstuffs nao. U losteds nuffinz!'

"Teh CEO sayd, 'You meenyhead poopyface kitteh!  So u knew tat I tak mor tan I start wit n cheets n taks wat isn't mien?

Then u shuld at leest hav put teh monyzs in CD to get teh compund interests n stufs!.

" 'Tak al his monyz n giv it to teh guy who gotz $10 billionz monyz nao.

For thoes what gots some wil get mor, n be rich n stuffs.  Thoes who don't got nuffin wil have al their stuffs taken away from dem.

N trow that stoopid cleaning kitteh outside, where dere r no couches, no monyz, no cheezburgers and no bukkits-- jest waters sprayin al over him. Srsly.'

"Wen teh Jebus comez in hiz awesumness, n al teh angels wit 'im, he wil sit on 'is couch of teh ceilings awesumness.

All teh nashuns will be gatherd before him, an he will separate teh peeps wan frum anothr as sheferd separatez teh sheep frum teh goats.

he will put teh sheep on his rite an teh goats on his left.

"den teh king will say to dose on his rite, coem, yu hoo haz cheezburgrz from ceiling cat; taek ur kitteh toyz, teh kingdom prepard for yu since teh creashun ov teh urfs.

4 i wuz hungry an u openz canz and not drai fuds, i wuz thirsty an u gaev me some bowlz, i wuz strangr an yu were liek, "o hai,"

i had dirty furz an yu gaev me licks, i wuz sick an u rap pillz in ham, i scratch bathrum door an yu openz.

"den teh riteshus will say, Jebus, when did we c u hungry an gaev yu gushy fud, or thirsty an gaev yu milks?

when did we see yu strangr an says "o hai," or durty furz and lick yu?"

when did we know yu sick or stuck in bathroom and help yu?

"teh king will says, srsly, whatevr yu did teh other kittehs, evn lame kittehs, yu liek did to me.

"den he will say to dose on his left, leav, you NO CAN HAS CHEEZBURGRZ, into teh Sink of Alwayz Be Wet yu go, an say hai to basement kat and stinky birdcatz.

fer I has hunger an yu gave me dry fuds, i wuz thirsty an yu says "only got dry bowls,""

i wuz strangr an yu did not say hai, i has durty furz and you wer liek "go lick selfs," i wuz sick an stuck in bathrum and you wer liek, "whatever." Lamerz.

"they also will say, lord, when did we see yu hunger or thirsts or strangr or durty furz or sicks, an says, "NO CAN HAS help yu?"

"he will says, srsly, whatevr yu did not do for even lamer kittehs, yu did not do fur me.

undefined

And den, when Happy Cat has finished all these sayings, he sez to his BFz,

Guess what? 2 dayz from now iz feast, and Ceiling Cat jr. is gona get pwned.

Then big cat pile, wit writers n old folks, in teh palace of teh big cat, whoz called Cataphas,

And skeemed that thay can take Happy Cat sneeky, and pwn him

But thay sez, "Not on teh feast day, cuz peeps would freek."

So Happy Cat was outside in Bethany, inside the house of Simon the lepr,

Woman popped up wif can of tuna, and poured oilz on his head, as he sitted at cheezburger.

But when his bfz sees it, thays angry, saying, Y to waste?

Dis oilz might have been sold for much, and give to other kittehz wif no cheezburgerz.

Happy Cat  thinkz n sez, Y Yu freekn? she knows I like oilz.

Always kittehz wif no cheezburgers; but I go bai, k?

Thatz Y she pour on the tuna oilz, 4 2 bury mee.

I sez 2 U, wen teh bibul iz told, it wil say wut shes dun 4 me. Shez cool. U suck.

Then one of the BFz, called Judas Iscarycat, went 2 teh big catz,

And sez, I can haz cheezburger, 4 Happy Cat? And thay give him teh cheezburger.

And now hez lookin 2 pwn Happy Cat.

So teh first day of the feast of da flat cookie the BFz came to Happy Cat n sez, Where 2 eat feast?

And he sez, scratch on window and weez in.

And teh BFz did as Happy Cat sez; and thay made redy teh passover.

So dark out, he sitted wif the BFz.

And as thay eated, he sez, Guess what? 1 of youz gonna pwn mee.

And thay were sad, and all sez, Not mee.  wtf?

And he answered and sez, He that lick teh bowl wif me teh same gonna pwn me.

Ize gotta do wha Ize gotta do: busted B kitteh who pwns teh Ceilng Cat jr.! better no B borned.

Then Judas, which pwned him, answered and sez, scuz plz, is it I? He sez, No Da.

They was eatings, and Happy Cat took cheezburgrs and give them to his peepz and sez, "Is my body. It has a flavor. U can has it and go NOM NOM NOM."

And he took teh cup, sez thks plz, and gives 2 dem, sez, Drink all of it;

Dis my blood k?, Soz U can say srry when U bad kittehz.

Now I has no milk wif u, till wez all in the ceiling. K?

Invisible karaoke over, they went outside 4 2 play.

Den Happy Cat sez, Ize has to go bai, and u gonna B like, Wtf? For it sez:
"I pwn teh master, n teh peepz will run leik sissyz."

Then, I‘m in your Galilee, back from teh dead.

Peter sez, No wai.

Happy Cat sez, btw, Guess what? Today b4 teh chikun sez kok-ah-doodull-due u gonna say u no know mee 3 times.

Peter sez, No way. BFz will say wtf?

Happy Cat sez, Oh ya?  Iz settn yu up.  Come wif them to Geffsemanee, and tell dem that, Stay, while I go n play.

And he took wif him Peter and Zebedee’s kidz, and wus sad.

He sez, Ize sad. Stay wif mee.

And he went a little farther, and failed, and sez, O my daddy, I no want 2 dies!  I can no die?

His Bfz, all has pillows asleep, n sez 2 Peter, Wtf?, No could stay with me 1 hour?

U suck: teh spirit sez yes, but teh flesh sez no.

2 time, sez, O daddy, u want mee dead? k.

Bfz still has pillows. No look.

Third time, sez same:

Then he sez to BFz, Fine sleep. I get pwnd now.

K. Get up.  I get pwnd now.

While he sez dat, Judas, shows up wif army of big cats and old peeps.

Pwner sez I kiss guy u want. Dats how u know.

He came to Happy Cat, and sez, Sup? and kissed him.

Happy Cat sez, where u been? And it was bath time.

And Happy Catz BF cut off guys ear!

Happy Cat sez, Bad kitteh. If u use claws u die by claws.

Funny irony.  If I could ask, Ceiling Cat sez I can has army. LoL

But can’t cuz no spose 2?

Happy Cat sez to big cats, Wtf?  Why now?

BFz raned away.

They took  to Catafas teh big preest at the cat pile.

Peter sneeked up behind them 2 see what’s up.

Now thay all make up lies against Happy Cat, 2 pwn him;

Wasn’t working cuz Happy Cat good kitteh. Then 2 more liars came,

Dis guy sez he can wrek temple and put it back in 3 days.

Big cat sez, Oh yeah?

Happy Cat sez nothing.  Big cat sez, tell us if UR Ceiling Cat jr.

Happy Cat sez, fraid so. UR going to see Ceiling Car Jr. poking his head out from hole in ceiling.

Then Big cat shaved him.

They all sez he needs 2 B pwned.

Then spitted on him and spanked him

They sez, if U Ceiling Cat jr. wez couldn’t do dis.

Girl sez to Peter, U were wif Happy Cat frm Galily.

Peter sez, 'fraid not.'

He goes out to the porch, another maid sees him, and sez, 'U were wif Jebuz!'

And again, 'Mee not know him.'

They all sez to Peter, 'u gotsta be wun of dem!'

'Wtf? No way!'

undefined

So liek iz teh mornins and all teh ppl sez tehy duznt liek Jesus and wantz to kills him;

So tehy ties him upp and maed him goes to Pilate.

Judas feels teh stoopid and bringes teh moniez back,

becuz he iz liek, "I iz stoopid, made invisibul err0r. Jesus iz innucent, k?" 


So Judas sez "Do not want!" and he trows teh moniez and then killz hisself wiht sum yarn.

And teh top cat priestz taik moniez and sez  "Do not want, has blud on, yuk".

And they arsks sumbody and sez "I can has pooterz feild?" for to bury teh stranger doodz what are deaded in.

And some1 fot it gud idea to call field "field of blud". Der.

And den, wut Jeremiah, dood who kno what happen before it happen, like humin who kno cheesburgr teim before lolcat do, said wood happen did happen, and dey took lots peices silver, what he worth and can has lots of cheezburgrs wiv and what children wot pull lolcat tail of Israel did reckon him worth;

and gived them for pooterz feild as Ceiling Cat sayed for to do.[a]

An Jebus stood in front of governor, what is like owner that has the thing for opening catfud tins, and governer said "Is you der big boss cat of der Jews?" 
And Jebus say "Dat wot u say" *shrug*

An when teh big top cat priestz and old doods did say, like, that he pinched the fish, he look all innocent and smooth his whiskers and say nuffin.

Den Pilate sayed to hims "Yu not heer wut dey saying aboot yu?"

But stil Jebus not say nuffin and amaezd teh govurnor. Srsly.

And the govurnor had teh custom of releesing prizunor teh crowd wantid.

There wuz teh evul guy naemd Barabbas[b],

And den wen teh crowd wuz gatherd Pilate were asked dem "Yu can haz Barabbas or Jebus."

But he knowz it wuz cuz dey wur jelus of teh Jebus dat dey gaev Jebus to hims. Srsly.

An when Pilate was sitting in teh uber-litter box of teh juj, his wiefs, liek, sended he dis mesij. An she sez liek "Yu no can haz aneeting too does wif dat cat whu iz free of teh kittunz, srsly, cuz liek i can haz bad nightkitties bout himz, An yah. Srsly."

But teh big top cat priestz and ol doodz  gived teh crowdz lots of catnips so dey wud asks for teh Barabbas and to hav Jebus exicutid. Srsly.

So den teh govurnor askd teh crowd "Wich wun duz yuz want?" 
Dey sed "Barabbas!"

"Wut I do wif Jebus den?" Pilate askd.
Den all teh crowd sed "Krucify himz!!", srsly

"wai? wut invizibul err0r he do?" Pilate askd,
But teh krowd get loudr and keep saying "Krucify himz!!"

Pilate getz teh frustraet and teh krowd waz maek uproarz, so he washiz hiz handz and sez, "Do not want, I innusint uf himz blud, yuk."

Teh krowd sez, "hims blud!! do want!! Feed to our kittehs. Srsly."

Him releesd Barabbas to angry krowdz, but took awai Jebus'z powerups's, giv himz floggingz and giv himz to krowd. Srsly.

Teh govrnur's faitur kittiez taekd Jebuz to teh big littur box and roundid up moar faiter kitties.

Dey took moar of Jebus'z cheezburgrz

and put teh lime helmetz on himz hed. Den dey giv him big stik and maek fun of himz, sed "King of Kittehz! Haz many cheezburgrz, us can haz?".

Den dey spitz hairbalz at himz and giv him beetdownz wif teh big stik.

wen dey finish wif teh beetdownz dey taek teh lime helmetz off and taek himz to teh krucify place. Srsly.

Den wen dey goez out to teh krucify plaec, teh faitur kittez maed teh dood naemd Simon karry teh cross. Srsly.

Den dey go to teh plaec kalld Teh Landz of teh Skullz.

At teh skullz plaec, dey gib Jebuz sum yuky winez but he tastid it an sed "do not want, can haz livur juus, yuk." Srsly.

When they had crucifid him, they dividd up his clothez by castin lawts.

an sittin down, they kept watch ovar him thar.

aboov his head they placd teh written charge against him: dis ar teh jebus, teh king ov teh jews.

2 rebels wuz crucifid wif him, wan on his rite an wan on his left.

dose hoo pasd by hurld insults at him, shakin their headz

an sayin, "u hoo r goin 2 destroy teh temple an build it in 3 dais, save yourself! Come down frum teh cros, if u r teh son ov ceilin cat!"

in da same wai teh chief priests, teh teachers ov teh law an teh elders mockd him.

"he savd others," they sed, "but he cant save him! Hez teh king ov israel! Let him come down nao frum teh cros, an we will bleev in him.

he trusts in ceilin cat. Let ceilin cat rescue him nao if he wants him, 4 he sed, i r son ov ceilin cat. "

in da same wai teh rebels hoo wuz crucifid wif him also heapd insults on him.

frum noon til 3 in da afternoon darknes came ovar all teh land.

bout 3 in da afternoon jebus crid out in loud voice, "eli, eli, [c] lema sabachthani?" (which meanz "mah ceilin cat, mah ceilin cat, HALP!"). [d]

when sum ov dose standin thar herd dis, they sed, "hez callin Elikhat."

immediately wan ov them ran an got sponge. He filld it wif wine vinegar, put it on staff, an offerd it 2 jebus 2 drink.

teh rest sed, "nao leef him alone. Lets c if Elikhat comez 2 save him."

an when jesus had crid out again in loud voice, he gave up his spirit.

at dat moment teh curtain ov teh temple wuz torn in 2 frum top 2 bottom. Teh earth shook, teh rockz split

an teh tombs broke open. Teh bodiez ov lotz da holy peeps hoo had did wuz raisd 2 life!

they came out ov teh tombs aftr jebus resurrecshun an [e] went into teh holy city an appeard 2 lotz da peeps.

when teh senturion an dose wif him hoo wuz guardin jebus saw teh earthquaek an all dat had happend, they wuz terrifid, an exclaimd, "surely he wuz teh son ov ceilin cat!"

lotz da women wuz thar, watchin frum distance. They had followd jebus frum galilee 2 care 4 his needz.

among them wuz mary magdalene, mary teh mommy ov jamez an josef, [f] an teh mommy ov zebedeez sons.

as evenin approachd, thar came rich man frum arimathea, namd josef, hoo had him become disciple ov jesus.

goin 2 pilate, he askd 4 jebus body, an pilate orderd dat it be given 2 him.

josef took teh body, wrappd it in clean linen cloth,

an placd it in his own new tomb dat he had cut out ov teh rawk. He rolld hooj stone in frunt ov teh entrance 2 teh tomb an went away.

mary magdalene an teh othr mary wuz sittin thar opposiet teh tomb.

teh next dai, teh wan aftr preparashun dai, teh chief priests an teh fariseez went 2 pilate.

"sir," they sed, "we remembr dat while he wuz still aliv dat deceivr sed, aftr 3 dais im gonna rize again.

so giv teh ordr 4 da tomb 2 be made secure til teh third dai. Otherwize, his disciplez cud come an steel teh body an tell teh peeps dat he has been raisd frum teh ded. Dis last decepshun will be worse than teh furst."

undefined

Aftr teh Sunty Dae, whin Sunty come up on teh furst dae ov teh week, Maerdy Magdaleem an teh othr Maerdy (srsly) chix went 2 look at teh grabe.

Then it wuz a violent Shaker! 4 a Hover D00d ov Ceiling Cat came down frum Heaven an, go 2 teh grabe, rold bak teh Rok, an sat on it.

His appearance wuz liek lightnin, an his clovings wuz wite as snowy.

Teh Action Cat guardz wuz so scary to him dat they shook an became liek ded d00dz, lol.

Hover D00d sed 2 teh chix, "Not is be scary. I knoe dat u r lookin 4 Happy Cat, hoo wuz hung up on kross wif arn thorns.

Not is here! He got up, scaped, liek he sed. Come an c teh place wer he layd, srsly.

Den go quickly an tell his kitlins: he has got up frum ded an iz goin ahead ov u into galilee. Thar u will c him. Nao i has told u, kthxbai."

So teh chix hurry away frum teh grabe, scary yet filld wif Happy, an ran 2 tell his kitlins.

Suddenly Happy Cat met them! "Ohai!" he sed. They came 2 him, huggd his feet an worshipd him.

Den Happy Cat sed 2 them, "Do not be scary. Go an tell mah kitlins 2 go 2 galilee; thar they will c me."

While teh chix wuz on their wai, sum ov teh Action Cat guardz went into teh city an reportd 2 teh Law Cats evrythin dat had happend.

When teh Law Cats had met wif teh Top Cats an devisd plan, they gaev teh Action Catz many ov moneys,

tellin them, "u r 2 say, his kitlins came durin teh nite an stold him away while we wuz sleepin.

If dis report gets 2 teh Boss Kitty, we will satisfy him an keep u out ov trouble."

So teh Action Cats took teh moneys an did. An dis story has been widely circulatd among teh Jewcats 2 dis vry dai.

Den teh eleven kitlins went 2 galilee, 2 teh mounting wer Happy Cat had told them 2 go.

When they saw him, they worshipd him; but sum said NO WAI.

Dn Happy Cat came 2 them an sed, "WAI. Ceiling Cat sez I pwnz Heaven and Urfs OK.

So go an get kitlins ov all colors uv cat, bath them with tung in [a] teh naym ov teh Ceiling Cat an ov Happy Cat an ov H0ver Cat,

undefined

K, I just telz u this, but I telz u agin.  Ceiling Cat haz son name Happy Cat.  This hiz stori:

Wise catz sed, Ceiling Cat send wai smrt d00d.

He make thingz redy 4 Happy Cat.

Hiz name John.  He wantz us to dunk in watr.  (wtf?  iz dat srsly?)

Catz let him do thiz crzy thing tho.  Tehy dunk in watr.  Srsly

John warez crzy clothez and eatz bugz (he no haz cheezburgr?)

He sez, "New cat come, him wai betr thn me.

I dunkz u with waterz but he givz u Hovr Cat.  Srsly.

So Happy Cat, he come to John like John sez.  John dunkxz Happy Cat with waterz.

Ceiling Cat sends Hovr Cat.

Ceiling Cat sez "This mai Kitteh. He roxxors an I'ze happy."

Thn teh Hovr Cat sends him 2 wild.

An he was in wilderness long tyme (srsly, 40 dais!).  An Basement Cat wuz showin' lotza evilz cheezburgrz an catnipz to him.  An he wuz wit teh sqirrelz, an anjelz wer giving him srsly betur cheezburgrz an brayded hiz fur.

Aftr John wuz arrestid (PWND!!!1), Happy Cat came into Galilee, sez to all teh kittinz about teh gud newz of teh Ceiling Cat,

an he sayd, "iz tyme, kittenz!  Ceiling Cat'z kingdim is here!  4saek yr evl waiz an beleev in teh good newz!" (awsum, srsly!)

An he walkz by Sea uf Galllillllelleelllee n he seez Simon n Andrew and dey iz fishing with nets, cuz thats what tehy does. (kittehs liek fishz)

An Happy Cat sez "Com wit me n fish for d00dz!"

An tehy did.

An He went along n see James n John who was kittehs ov Zebedde.  An they r hax0ring da netz n stuff in a bote.

An He cald thm up an tehy caem 2 n left ther dad an his d00dz back at teh bote.

An tehy all go to Capernaum an He went 2 teh jooish chrch n spokeded to teh kittehs thar.

An tehy wer all liek, "wtf this d00dz sez?"  Cuz He was all like "Hai! Lissn up in hur!

Then there waz thiz dood with dirtiez in he spirtz0rz.

n he yellded, "O hai, wtf haz u to do with us, teh demon folk? Iz u com to pwn us? I know hoo yuz iz, 1337 One ov teh Ceiling Cat."

But Happy Cat gotz madz n sed, "Shut up n ecksit teh kitteh!"

Teh demon got pwnd! lol!

All teh kittehs in teh jooish chrch azkeded eech otter, "wtf? new teechinz-with athoritah! He ev3n commandz teh dirtiez spirtz0rz, n tehy listenz. OMFG!!!1"

Happy Cat got sup3r p0pularz n faemus allz ov3r Galilee. kthxbye!

Aftr teh kittehs left teh chrch, dey wentz in Simonz an Andrewz hoose, wit James and John.

Simonz mommeh wuz in bed all sicky, and dey toldz him fast(cuz Happy Cat isnt Ceiling Cat).

Den, Happy Cat had touch Simonz momz paw, and she was ok enuff to give dem all teh fuuds.

At not day, wit the lite almos gunn, all teh sick kittehs, even the deemon ones came to Simonz hoose.

Teh hole place came to the hoose.

Dey all had guud tiem until Happy Cat tolds the deemonz to go away and dey did. Cuz Happy Cat wuz populer liek dat.

Happy Cat went to teh corner and praid.

His desciplez wuz hunting for him (I tink dey wuz playing hide and seek)

When dey found Happy Cat, dey sed 'WE FoNDS U!!!1'

He den sed 'WAAHHH I PRAYING Leaf me alonez! Nvrmnd. We go aready. U maek me PMS.'

An dey went to all teh hooses and chrchs an toldz moar deemonz to GTFO.

Thn feral kitteh wit nastie, mangy furr come to Happy Cat an aks "I can has niice fur?"

Happy Cat feelz bad 4 teh kitteh, so He touchz nastie kitteh an sez "okai"

an p00f! Nastie furre wuz gone. Srsly. Kitteh luked like a houskat.

So Happy Cat sez "Get gone an don tell nobodee!!1 Jus givez monies too da church lik Moses sed"

but new fancie kitteh toll erreybody, an Happy Cat

undefined

An Happy Cat went to Capernum agn an they wur al leik, "Happy Cat is in da house!!11!!"

An they wuz al packd in tihgt.  An Happy Cat wuz talkin.

An fuor d00dz brought some d00d with, like, no hit piontz and was twitching n stufz.

An it wuz al packd an they bustd in thru the ruuf.  Oh NOES!!11!!

An Happy Cat saw tehm an wuz al lyke, "Hai d00d!  You haz teh faith.  No more Invisible Errorz!"

But some scribez wuz there an they wuz all scribey.

An they were all like, "WTF?  U cant say that.  Only Ceiling Cat can say 'No more Invisible Errorz.'"

An Happy Cat knew they wuz bein all scribey and he sez, "Why for 4 B so scribey?"

"I can sez 'No more Invisible Errorz' or I can sez 'Meow!' just as eazee."

An He sez to the crippled d00d, "I haz da power on earth to say 'No more Invisible Errorz!'"

"So get up n get outta here!"

An the d00d got up an tuk of an he wuz al liee, "Yay!  No moer crippl!" An evrybodee wuz al liek, "WTF!  Hurray fur Ceiling Cat!"

So Happy Cat goes out to dat lake agin.  An all these peep follow him, an he teached dem stuffs.

He wuz walkin, an then there wuz Levi (lyke teh jeanz!  LOLOL!), teh baybee ov Alphaeus sittin an bein' tax cullecters.  An Happy Cat wuz all lyke, "Yoos shuld be followin me cuz I rawk an stuffs", an Levi did it.

So Happy Cat is havin sum cheezburgers wid Levi, and all teh "sinnerz" wuz eatin wif dem.

Den teh Fariseees were all lyke, "Uhm, tehy all dirty sinnerz.  Why U B eatin wif dem?  Gros!"

An Happy Cat was all lyke, "D00d, teh sinnerz need teh Cheezburgers teh most, silly Fariseees!"  An teh Fariseees wuz pwnd.

John's peeps an teh Farisees wuz no eatin teh cheezburgers, but Happy Cat an hiz peeps were all "Cheezburger OM NOM NOM!".  An evrybody wuz lyke, "Y no fasting?  U B eatin teh cheezburgers!"

Happy Cat sed "D00d, teh Ceiling Cat iz heer, so itz a partee!

But wen de kuul katz leaev teh partee, itz nottuh partee, so no moar cheezburgurs.

K so liek if y00 put frehs watr n a durty boel, thne ur frehs watr iz al skummy!

Adn liek if y00 put noo littr n a durty littrboxs, thne it stil smelz. Y00 get hyumins to cleen it furst. Srsly."

Wun Caturday Happy Cat n him crewe wur n teh prowel, n so teh crewe wuz chooin teh gras.

N teh Fariseees wur liek, "Oh, hai, N00BZ! Yu cant eated gras n teh Caturday!!1"

Adn Happy Cat sed, "No, yu STFU n00b! Haz yu evr red abuot David? Him crewe wur hungree.

So tehy bustd intu teh tempel n ated holee bred. Srsly.

Bcz liek, Caturday iz fur catz.

undefined

An so Happy Cat goed in teh church an a kitteh wuz there an teh kitteh haz difectiv pawz!

An every1 wacht him to see if he wud pwn on caturday cuz kittehs r suposed to haz teh sleepz on caturday an every1 in teh church want to no if Happy Cat wud brake hiz own rulez.

An so he sed to teh difectiv kitteh "i no ur paw hurtz, lolz, but get over to me newayz."

An then Happy Cat sed "Hay guise, y do u think itz beter to do no w0rkz and leeve this kitteh to hurt thn to do teh w0rkz and mak this kitteh not b ded?" An the guise in church, they sed nothingz.

An so Happy Cat was mad at teh guise and wanted to pwn them cuz they were actin like n00bs but then Jesus sed to teh hurt kitteh "Hay, giv ur paw to me plz" an teh hurt kitteh did it an then hiz paw waznt difective no morez!

An then those guise left frm teh church an tawked to teh other bad guise and were all lyke "omgwtf, Happy Cat needz 2 b pwned."

But Happy Cat, hes no n00b, he already took hiz frendz an went to teh oshun an all teh good kittehs frm Galilee an Judaea

an Jeroosalum an Idumaea an Jordan an Tyre and Sidon an outer space, they ALL were like "OMG! Happy Cat pwns so much, srsly! We haz to go and pwn with Jesus!"

An so Happy Cat sed "Hay guise, I haz to go on a boat now cuz these other guise r nice nice kittehs an all but there r too many of themz an i need a getaway car, lolz."

Cuz Happy Cat had pwned all over teh place an he pwned so much that all teh kittehs want to tuch Jesus and all these kittehs had teh dizeazez, gross.

An these guise who usd to b bad guise were all falin down cuz mayb tey don no how to walk, these guise were lyke "Happy Cat, u r son of Ceiling Cat!"

An Happy Cat waz lyke "Hay guise, stop tellin bout me so loud cuz im tryin to hide, srsly."

An so Happy Cat was lyke "Im gona clime tis mountain lyke iz nothin an u guise can clime it 2 if i tell u, kthxbai."

An so he said eeny meeny miney moe an picked 12 kittehs to com up an lern all teh thingz an tehn Happy Cat wuz like "hay thx 4 comin, now go bak down teh big hill an tell evry1 wut i said, kthxbai."

Tehn Happy Cat sed "Oh hay wate, u guise can pwn a little bit, jus mak teh kittehs wif harebalz feel betr an if u see demons, u make them go way, kthxbai."

An he wuz like "Hay Simon, ur new name iz Peter"

An tehn he wuz like hay, this is fun, letz play teh name game, lolz. "James, ur son of Zebedee and John ur bruthur of James so u can hav name of Boanerges an that meens u r teh sunz of THUNDER, b00mz, lol, lyke Thor exept not cuz we don beleeve in those guise."

An he lyked teh name game an kept playin it, sayin "Hay Andrew an Philip and Bartholomew (mew, lolz) an Matthew an Thomas an James--not teh furst James, teh son of Alphaeus--an Thaddeus an Simon--not teh furst Simon, the Canaanite

O an Judas Iscariot, ur the one who acted like a n00b an betraied me tat one tyme but ur still invyted 2 mai howse, kthx."

An Happy Cat an teh dicyplez, tey had a partee but wuz not a fun partee cuz there wuz too many kittehs an no fud in the fud dish an nobudy cud get 2 teh fudz anyway cuz it was so crowdid.

An all hiz frends, they were lyke "Happy Cat, srsly, ur lozing ur mind, wtf are u havin a partee 4."

An the scribes, they wer comin frm Jeroosalem an they were like "Happy Cat, srsly, u gotz teh devilz in u, u betr fix it quick, kthx."

An Happy Cat was like "Hay guise, srsly, if I haz teh devilz in me how u think I can pwn maiself, r u nuts?"

An Happy Cat was like "K, srsly agen, if u guise cant agree on if i am a good kitteh or a devil kitteh u cant make a very gud kingdum can u?"

An tehn Happy Cat wuz like "An srsly yet agen, if all teh kittehs in one howse are lyke hay i want fish and teh other kittehs are lyke no i wan chickenz then their howse cannt stand cuz all teh kittehs will tere it down, srsly, don do taht, kthx."

An then Happy Cat wuz lyke "An if teh devilz like tryed to pwn himself he wud be ded, lolz."

"An so if ur a good kitteh and a bad kitteh tryes to com to ur hows and pwn you, teh bad kitteh has to tie u up furst cuz thats teh only wai u wud let teh bad bad kitteh pwn ur stuffz."

"An so herez teh thingz, if ur a bad bad kitteh to anothr kitteh an say bad thingz abowt teh kitteh u can stil be frendz wit me an Ceiling Cat, if ur vry vry sry."

"An but if ur lyke a bad bad kitteh an u say teh bad thingz about mai frend teh Hovr Cat (wooooooo, lolz i skared u, skaredy kitteh lolz), if u say teh bad thingz abowt teh Hovr Cat, u will be pwnd and pwnd and pwnd 4EVER, even if u say ur sry, so don be bad to teh Hovr Cat, kthx."

An so all tehze kittehs were lyke hay, srsly, Happy Cat is loozin it.

An so hiz brutherz an even his mom they cam 2 see Happy Cat (an u no ur in deep truble when ur mom haz to com talk at u) an they were lyke "Happy Cat, srsly, wtf is ur problem."

An all teh other kittehs were lyke "Aww, Happy Cat ur in trubble, ur mom iz here, lolz."

An Happy Cat wuz lyke "wtf r u guise even sayin to me"

An Happy Cat was lukin at every1 (which wuz creepy but wat can u do, iz Happy Cat)and all tryin to see wtf those guise were sayin to him an tehn he sed "omg, srsly, look evry1! My mom an brutherz, they came to mai partee! lolz!"

undefined

An so Happy Cat luvd teh oshunfront properteez an he wen thar to teech teh guise about thingz an ther were so many guise there that Happy Cat was like "lolz, too menny guise on teh beech, gtg teech on a boat frm teh oshun, an u guise can lissen frm the beech wich is a pretty sweete deal if u ask me."

An so he toght them teh lessunz but it wuz those lessunz that were akshully about one thingz even tho Happy Cat sed the otherz an u had to figur it out urself, wich is hard to do, and he sed:

"O hai, so once thar waz a planter gui;

An he wuz plantin hiz gardenz an sum of teh seedz got in teh rong playce an the birdz, they cam to eet teh seedz

An som of teh seedz they got put on teh roks wich is a dum plaice to plant teh seedz cuz thars no dirt there but teh seedz they groo up newayz

An tehn teh sun it came up an teh seedz grone on teh roks, they got pwned bai teh sun cuz sun is too hot 4 teh plantz

An some othur seedz, they got put bai teh plantz with teh skary spiky th0rnz an teh th0rnz sux0rx cuz they sckweeze teh plants to ded and teh plantz make no frootz.

An sum other seedz they got in teh good dirtz an they groo and groo and mayde teh frootz an made like bazilyunz of frootz."

An so Happy Cat sed "Did u here that guise? Or r u guise def?"

An hiz 12 frends, latr that dai were lyke "O hai Happy Cat, wtf were you even saying in the boat?"

An Happy Cat sed "Hay, u guise are sposed to no wat i was talkn about cuz u hav teh mistery solving skillz, ur lyke sherlok homes an stuff, but those othr guise, the ones on teh beech, they don no teh mistery stuffz so they has to lissen to mai storeez and figur it out themsalvez, lolz."

So they can lookz at teh thingz and no wat color those thingz r but not no what it iz an they can here mai wurds and no what teh wurdz r but not get what ahm sayin, but if they r like "o hai Happy Cat an Ceiling Cat, we r vry sry for bein dum, we can haz halp?" then they can undrstand mai storeez.

An Happy Cat was like "So guise what ahm sayin is if u don no how to undrstand mai storee about teh planterz then u don know much of nething. So I halpz u guise so u stop bein dum."

"Teh. Planterz. Wuz. Plantin. Mai. An. Ceiling. Cats. Wurdz.

An so teh seedz were rilly mai an Ceiling Cats wurdz an sumtimes teh devilcat, hez lyke teh burdz in teh storee who takes teh stray seedz awai.

An tehn there r teh guise who hav teh stonz 4 grownd and mai w0rdz r sooper cool an they r like "omg, new seedz, these pwn, thx Happy Cat"

An but these guise r dum as roks and made of roks so they git excytid about mai wordz jus at furst an then as soone as they hav somethin go rong wit them they r all lyke "omg, Happy Cat, srsly, ur w0rdz sux0rz, they don w0rkz anymoar. thx but nothxbai."

An those seedz that git on teh skary th0rnz, those th0rnz guise here mai w0rdz

An they say "o hai Happy Cat, this is nice but i lykes othur thingz like teh moneyz and teh buttsecks, sry" an mai w0rdz dont w0rkz 4 those guise.

An then there r good guise who r like "O hai Happy Cat, u pwn alwayz even wehn mai lyfe kinda sux0rz so lemme maike u sum frootz an u can hav it for dinnerz, lolz."

An then Happy Cat sed "If you haz candel do u put it under a bukkit or under ur bedz? no thats silly, u has to put it on candelstik, rite?

An u cant hide nothin frm me or Celing Cat cuz we seez all ur sekritz an moar, lolz, u no how Celing Cat seez u doin things, rotflolz."

An Happy Cat was like "O hay guise, I sed for u to lisen"

An Happy Cat sed "O hai, I hop u were lisenin cuz ur gonna hav a pop kwiz on this l8r this week, srsly.

An if u get a gud grayd, u will git cheezburgz an if u git bad grayds u will git all ur cheezburgz pwned, srsly."

An Happy Cat sed "So if u wan to b frends wit me an Ceiling Cat, itz jus lyke bein a planterz and plantin seedz;

An seein ur seedz groe and groe, wehn u r sleepin in a sun pach an wehn u r gettin up at all tymes of teh dai n nite, even if u don no how they groe.

An u see teh frootz on teh plantz lyke a leaf an sum cormz, like earz of cormz, even tho itz not frootz it groez lyke frootz but neway u no wat I mean."

"Neway wehn they gotz teh frootz or corms or whatevr, they alwayz jus put it in a box at teh harvist tyme!"

An Happy Cat sed "Letz plai a game, lolz. Pretendz Ceiling House is lyke a seed, wat shud it be?"

An evry1 was lyke "omg, letz make it lyke a wat0rmelonz" or "letz hav it be catnipz, rotflolz." But Happy Cat sed "Ok, gaime ovr, its a musterd seed." an teh guise were lyke "wtf Jesus, musterds are too smal" and Jesus sed "I no, thats on purpis Im Jesus remembur, u jus lisen to mai w0rdz."

Happy Cat sed "Wehn musterd seedz groez itz like pwnz0rz!!! Musterd seeds gigant0rz an make big treez an branchiz an all those berdz can be flyin in an undor teh treez an chillin in teh shaydez an stuffz."

An Happy Cat jus kept tellin teh guise hiz w0rdz an ovr an ovr jus wit difrent storeez an teh guise herd teh storeez.

But Happy Cat he nevr sed teh w0rdz of hizelf an Ceiling Cat unles it was lyke a storeez cuz teh guise were always lyke "Is it can be plz storeez tyme now plzkthx?" An he alwayz xplaynd teh storeez to teh disyplez l8r so they wud no all teh thingz.

An so when storeeztyme was dun, Happy Cat was all lyke "Hay guise, letz blow tis popsickle standz, srsly."

An so they were all lyke "Storeez tyme, itz ovr, u guise can go hom now plz kthxbai." An Happy Cat an teh disyplez got on teh getaway boat an went to teh oshun an there was lots of other boats there too.

An whooooooosh, ther was lots of st0rmz and windz an there wuz waterz in teh boats an evry1 sed "O noes! Kittehs h8 teh waterz! Halp!"

An Happy Cat, he was jus sleepz on a pilowe, dreemin of corms an wat0rmel0nz an teh guise went an waked him up an sed "Happy Cat, srsly, we r gonna be ded soon an u don even care?"

An Happy Cat got up an was like "O hay wind u stop pwning mai boat an oshun u stop pwning mai boat too." An wudnt u no, teh wind an oshun stopd pwning.

An Happy Cat sed "R u srsly skaredy kittehs? I thot u had fayth in me."

undefined

An dey rode invisible bicycle cross da seas, into dis place wif unpronouncable name. (i thinks is gadarenes)

Wen Happy Cat got off teh boat, a man wif teh ebil spiwit comz to seez him.

Teh man livd in teh tooms, an nobuddy cud ty him up.

Bcuz he wuz rly strong, an cud braek chainz an stuff. Srsly.

Teh man ranz arownd an cutz himsself wif teh stoenz.

Wen he seed Happy Cat, he ranz ovur to him an he fallz down.

An he wuz liek "Wut u wantz?  Plz not hurtz me, k?  Tell yr daddy Ceiling Cat u no hurt me, srsly!"

Bcuz Happy Cat wuz liek "O, hai! U getz out of teh man, ebil spiwit, k?"

An den Happy Cat wuz liek "Hay, wutz ur naem?"  An teh gai wuz liek "Mai naem iz Legion, bcuz we iz many! We do not frgive we do not frget."  Srsly.

An teh men wuz liek "Plz dunt maek me leev heer, k?"

Lotz of pigz wuz havin fudz ovur on teh hillsydz.

An teh demunz sed "I can go insied teh pigz, plz?"

An Happy Cat wuz liek "O, okai!" an teh demunz went insied teh pigz, and teh pigz ranz in teh water an drownd.

Teh gaiz taht wuz watchin teh pigz ranz to teh townz, and dey wuz liek "Hay, gues wut just happend!" and teh peepul went to seez wut happend.

An wen teh peepz seez Happy Cat, dey seez teh gai teh demun wuz in, an he wuz fien, an dey wuz skeerd of him.

Teh peepul taht seez wut happend telld everwun wut happend to teh man an teh pigz.

An teh peepul wuz liek "Hay, Happy Cat, cud u leev, plzkthx?"  Srsly.

Wen Happy Cat wuz gettin in teh boat, teh man wuz liek "Hay, I can com too plz?"

But Happy Cat wuz liek "No wai! U gotta go hoem an tellz everwun wut Ceiling Cat didz, and taht he iz liek totally awsum."

So teh man leevz, and telld everwun hao awsum Happy Cat wuz.  An teh peepul wuz amaizd.

Wen Happy Cat gotz to teh othur sied of teh laek, lotz of peepul wuz dere.

An den sum gai naemd Jairus seed Happy Cat an fell down.  Dis happenz lotz.  Maibe sumwun tripz dem.

An Jairus wuz liek "O, hai.  I can haz help, plz?  Mai dottr iz rly sik.  U can heelz her plz?"

So Happy Cat went wif Jairus.  An lotz of peepul caem wif dem.

An dere wuz a womun dere who wuz bleedin fur, liek, twelv yeerz.  Srsly.

An teh dokturz didnt helpz her, but she payd dem newayz.

An den she caem to Jebus an tuchd his cloke,

Bcuz she touhght liek "Maibe if I tuch teh clos, den I getz bettur."

An she gotz bettur!  Yay!

Den Happy Cat knoed teh powr wuz gon.  An he askd "Hay, who tuchd mai clos?"

An teh disipls wuz liek "Teh peepulz all crowdz arownd u, wai u ask who tuchd ur clos?"

But Happy Cat kept lukin.

An den teh womun fellz down an tellz Happy Cat wut she didz.

An Happy Cat wuz liek "O, okay.  U iz bettur nao.  U can go hoem, k?"

An wen Happy Cat wuz speekin, sum gaiz comz frum Jairus's howse, an dey wuz liek "Ur dottr dyed.  Sry.  U no bothur Happy Cat nemore, k?"

But Happy Cat ignoard dem, an wuz liek "U not be skeerd, u beleev, k?"

An Happy Cat only letz Peter an James an John follo him.

An wen dey gotz to teh howse, peepul wuz cryin an stuff.

An Happy Cat wentz in an wuz liek "Hay, wai u maek all dat noyz?  Teh kid iz sleepn!  Srsly!"

But tehy lafft at him. An den Happy Cat kikt dem owt, an took teh parntz an teh disiplz an went were teh kid wuz.

An Happy Cat wuz liek "Hay, u getz up nao, k?"

An teh gurl gotz up, an walkd arownd.  An teh parntz wuz liek "No wai!"

undefined

Happy Cat left an went hoem, an teh disipls caem too.

An den on Caturday he wuz teechn in teh tempul, an teh peepul wuz liek, "Hay, dat iz awsum!  Hao duz he kno all dez tings?

Iznt dat teh carpentur?  Iznt dat gai Mary's son, and sum gai's brudder?  Iz hiz sisturs heer?"  An dey was annoyd.

An Happy Cat sed "Teh proffit iz wifout honurz onlee wen heez at hoam."

An Happy Cat cudnt do miraculz, except fur heeling sick peepulz.

An he wuz liek "Hay, wai dey dun gotz no faithz?" An heez went around to lotz of plaacez.

An Happy Cat wuz liek "Hay, twelvz, u can comz heer, k?"  An den he said "U gaiz go owt an fiet teh ebil spiwitz, k?  Remembr to uz teh buddy systmz!"

An his instrucshunz wuz liek "U taekz onli staff wif u, k?

An u wearz sandlz, but u not taekz spaer shurtz, k?

O, an wen u goez insied a howse, u staiz dere until u leevz town, k?

An if any plaice duznt hav peepz taht listnz to u, den u shaek ur feetz at dem wen u leevz, k?"

An dey went owt an dey wuz liek "Hay, u shud repentz, k?"  And teh peepul wuz liek "Wut duz repent meen?"  An dey wuz liek "Itz liek apolojyzin an bein gud, k?"  An teh peepul wuz liek "o, okai."

An dey kickt owt lotz of demunz an dey heeld lotz of sik peepul.

An teh King Herod heerd dis, bcuz Happy Cat wuz famus nao.  And peepul wuz liek "Hai, John teh Baptist isnt ded NEmore!"

An othurz wuz liek "He iz Elikhat!"  An othurz wuz liek "No, he iz proffet!"

But Herod wuz liek "John teh Baptist caem bak to lief?  No wai! OMGWTFBBQ!"

Bcuz Herod wuz liek "Hai, sumbody put John in prizun, k?"  Bcuz Herodias wuz Philip's wief, an Philip wuz Herod'z brudder, an den Herod marreed Herodias.

An John wuz liek "Hai, u cant do taht!"

So Herodias wuntd to killz John.  But she cudnt,

bcuz Herod wuz skeerd of John, an he protectd him, bcuz he wuz gud.  An John confuzd Herod, but Herod liekd lisning to John.

But den it wuz Herod'z birfday, an he hadz a big parti.  An dere wuz yummi caek.

An den Herodias's dottr caem in an dansed, an she wuz rly gud at dansin.  An teh king wuz liek "Hai, Iz gunna giv u anyfing u wantz!"  Srsly.

An he wuz liek "Srsly, I promisz.  I givz u wutevur u wantz."

An she wentz to her mothur an wuz liek "Hai, wut shud I ask foar?"  An she wuz liek "Teh hed of John teh Baptist."

An teh gurl went to teh king an wuz liek "O, hai, I can haz teh hed of John teh Baptist on a plaet, plz?"

An teh king didnt want to do taht, but he promissd.

So he wuz liek "Hai, cud sumwun go get teh hed, plz?"  An sum gai went an cut off John's hed,

An he brot it bak on a plaet taht he got sumwerez.  An he gaev it to teh gurl, an she gaev it to her mothur.

An wen tehy heeerd dis, John's disipls got hiz boddy (but not teh hed) an burryd it.

Teh Aposslz caem bak, an dey telld Happy Cat all teh stuff dey did an teechd.

An den, bcuz dere wuz too many peepul an dey wuzn't getting lunch, he wuz liek "Hay, letz go rest nao, k?"

An so dey went away in a boat an went were nowun wuz.

But lotz of peepul seez dem, an chaesd dem an got dere furst.

An Happy Cat seez dem, an touhght dey wuz liek sheep wifout a shephurd.  An he teeched dem stuff.

It wuz getting laet, so teh disiples wuz liek "Hay, itz rly laet, an we iz, liek, in teh middul of nowerez.

U sendz dem hoem so dey can bai dinnur, k?"

But Happy Cat wuz liek "No wai!  U giv dem fudz!"  An dey wuz liek "But dats lotz of munniez!  U wantz us to uze dat much munniez on teh fudz?"

An Happy Cat wuz liek "Hao much fudz duz we haz?  U go check, k?"  An dey checkd, an wuz liek "Dere iz fiev bredz an two tunaz."

An den Happy Cat wuz liek "Everwun sitz down nao, k?"

An so everwun satz down on teh grass.

An he grabbd teh fudz, an he lukd to teh Ceiling, an wuz liek "Hay, thx Ceiling Cat" an broek teh bredz.  Den he wuz liek "Heer, u pass dis out, k?"

An everwun ate an everwun wuz fullz,

an teh disiplz pickd up teh leftovurz, an dere wuz twelv bukkitz ful.  An dey put it in teh fridge to saev for latur.

Fiev thousand peepulz atez.  Srsly.

An Happy Cat telled teh disiplz "Hay, u getz in teh boat nao, k?  I be dere latur."

An den he went on teh mountin to prai.

An wen it gotz all dark an stuff, teh boat wuz in teh middul of teh laek, an Happy Cat wuz aloen on teh landz.

An he sawz taht teh disiplz wuz rly bad at rowingz bcuz dere wuz lotz of windz.  An in teh middul of teh nit, he walkt owt on teh watur, an wuz gonna pass dem, bcuz he wuz rly fast,

but wen dey seez him, dey iz like "OMG A GOST! WUTZ HAPPENIN?!"

bcuz dey wuz skeerd of gosts.  But Happy Cat wuz liek "Hay, Iz not gost!  U no be skeerd, k?"

An den he got in teh boat an dere wuz no wind and teh disiplz wuz amaized,

bcuz dey didnt get wut teh majic fudz ment.

An dey landed at soem plaice wif a funny naem.

An wen dey got out of teh boat, peepul wuz like "Hay, dat's Happy Cat!"

An dey brot sick peepul to him on teh matz.

undefined

Teh Pharisees and teechurs uv lawz go way frum Jerusalem to see Happy Cat.

Dey seed sum uv Happy Cat frenz go NUMNUMNUM but handz iz dirtieded, EWWW!

(Pharisees an jooz no liek flavr wifout speshul washded hans liek alwayz tradishun.

Wen dey go by foodz, alwyz cleen hans. Also jooz got lotsa tradishun bout washdeding foodz buckets.)

So teh Pharisees and teechurs axed Happy Cat, "OMGWTF!!!1!!1 Howcum ur guyz not haz washded liek tradishun an getz dirty flavr? Srsly."

Him sez, "LOLZ, Isaiah noze u wen he sez bout u fakerz; cuz teh Bibul sez:


undefined

Ur having forgetted wut Ceiling Cat tolded and u jus lieks tradishun."

And him sez: "Ur gud at ignorze whut Ceiling Cat tolded u so u can haz tradishun!

Fur Moses tolded, 'Beez u good to papa An mama,' and, 'sumwun sayz bad to papa r mama, gots to be pwnd, srsly.'

But ur sayin iz okie-dokie to saided to papa an mama: 'lol, ai can has no help u, cuz allz now beinged Corban' (Dis mean, gived to Ceiling Cat),

an then teh guyz no helping papa an mama, WTF?!?!?!1

ur makin wut Ceiling Cat sayded nuffing cuz u gots tradishun! Ur doing losta fings liek dis."

Agin Happy Cat callz peepul and sez, "O hai, ai can has u lissen me?

'Dirty' frum outsyd iz not bad flavr. Nsted, iz bad flavr 'dirty' frum insyd.' "

undefined

Den Happy Cat goz insyd howse and hims frenz wanting has explain of pairbul.

"ZOMGWTF, u stoopidz?!!!" he axed. "Not seez what all stuff outsydz u putting in u not make u 'dirty'?

Foodz not goez into hart, but ur tummie, den u poopz it." (Happy Cat sayded heer all foodz gotz gud flavr.)

Happy Cat talkded moar: "Wats in teh peeplz and comz out is making 'dirty'.

Insyd peeplz harts iz big bukkit of meenyness, buttseks, taykin stuff, kil kittehs, harbl goes WHERE?

want moar, scratchinz, lyin, yuckies, not liek udder kittehs, tawk bad abowt kittehs, thinked dey bettr kittehs and lotza stoopidz.

Theez bad stuff frum insyd and makez 'dirty.' "

Happy Cat goez away to playse neer Tyre. Him insyd sum howse, but telz no kitteh; stil him cant keep hisself seecurt

Akshuly, wehn her herdz him neer, woman wit littel gurl gotz bad kitteh spirrut goez him and lize on carpet.

Teh womanz a Greek, bornded in Syrian Phoenicia. Her axed pleez Happy Cat make bad kitteh spirrut leebz hers gurl, srsly.

"Firs teh kittehs can has cheezburger," him sayded her, "WTF, not take cheezburgerz frum kittehs for puppehs be eatin."

"YA, RLY," her sed, "but puppehs getz flavr on teh crums ifs kittehs leev."

Him sayded, "Ur having gud anser, lol! U can haz bad kitteh spirrut go frum ur gurl."

Her goz hers howse and founded gurl on teh couch, and bad kitteh spirrut okthxbye!

Den Happy Cat leev hangin rowns Tyre and goed Sidon bi Galilee wer iz 10 cittis.

Sum peepul brunged hims a man hu not heer and no tawk gud neevur, and dey beggded him pleeze 2 touching dis pore guy.

Happy Cat taked hims way frum alz peepul, stix feengrs in eers. Den Happy Cat can has spitted and grabbing hims tung.

Hims looked at ceiling and tayk deep bref and sayz, "Ephphatha!" (dis meaned, "I can has openinged, plz?!" ).

undefined

K den he sez, 'Dis wat im sayin to u, sum u kittens gonna b aliev wen Ceiling Cat taeks ovr teh Urfs.'

An 6 dayz latr he taeked Petar, Jamse, n Jon up 2 teh meowntins all by demselfs n He transformed LOL.

An His shirt ternded teh witest wite n teh Urf, srsly brite.

An den Elias and Mosis showded up n dey wuz txtin wit Happy Cat.

An den Petar sez, 'Mastr, we shud maek 3 tabrnclz (liek a tiny cherch LOL), 1 fer u n 1 fer Elias n 1 fer Mosis.'

He dint no wut els ta say cuz he wuz srsly skeert.

An den dis clowd shoded up n teh voyce of Ceiling Cat sez, 'Let me show u mai fav kitten. Mai fav kitten, let me show u him. U lissin to his meows, kthxbi'.

An den dey all lookin rownd but evrywon wuz gone but teh Happy Cat.

An den dey comeded down frum teh meowntins and Happy Cat sez 'Dont tell nobodi wut happnd hear til I comed back frum teh dedz, k?'

Den dey wuz all liek 'WTF he meenz comed back from teh dedz' cuz nrmaly wen u dedz u dont comed back so dey was teh confuse.

An den dey axd Happy Cat 'How comed teh kittens dat rite all teh stufs down sez Elais can haz comed back frst?'

An Happy Cat sez 'Srsly guise, Elais gotta comed back frst cuz he gotta fix sum shit, den teh script sez teh Kitten of Ceiling Cat 
can haz suffering.

But itz ok cuz he comed back jus now n you d00dz doned good, LOL.'

An den wen Happy Cat got back to hiz kittens thar wuz all these d00dz in there base, makin kwestshins.

An course soon as evrybody seen teh Happy Cat they wuz amazd n runned up to Him liek 'Sup?'

An den Happy Cat lookded at teh cats who rite down all teh stufs an sez 'WTF is this shit?'

An dis one cat sez 'O hai thar Happy Cat, I bringed my kitten, He haz teh deman.

Anyplase I taek mah kitten he's full of FAIL an flopz on teh floorz. I axd ur d00dz to fix plz but they are teh n00bs n cuddint do it.'

An Happy Cat sez 'Yous all fail at teh faif. WTF wood u peepz do witout me? Bring me ur kitten.'

So dey bringded teh kitten an soon as teh deman got naer Happy Cat teh kitten flopz on teh floor an spitz teh foamz liek rabiez LOL.

An so Happy Cat axd teh d00d 'Dis bin happnin fer a long tiem?' an teh d00d wuz liek 'Ya, srsly liek ferever.

An I even dunkded mah kitten in teh water an lited his tale on fire n nothin werks, d00d plz HALP.'

An den Happy Cat sez 'You can haz halp but u gotta believ I'm teh Kitten of Ceiling Cat ferst.'

An den teh d00d makes cry an sez 'Srsly I beleev u Ceiling Cat!'

Wen Happy Cat seen all teh peepz lookin, He haxxxd teh deman an sez 'STFU an GTFO n00b. No, you cant haz body. Not urs.'

An teh deman maed a cry an lefted, but all teh peepz thinkd Happy Cat kilt teh kitten.

But Happy Cat gived him His paw an he respawnd.

An wen Happy Cat an Hiz d00ds goed hoem dey axd Him 'WFT how can we lvl up to pwn teh demans liek u?'

An Happy Cat sez 'U gotta ax Ceiling Cat an starvd, it sux LOL.'

An den thay leavded thar an went to Galilee, but they wuz cloked in stealf mode.

An Happy Cat teeched tham: 'Teh Kitten of Ceiling Cat getz pwnd by sum d00dz an respawns on day 3. Teh vid will prolly go on YouTube 5 mins l8r LOL.'

His d00dz wer all liek 'WTF he meen?' but noen of tham axd cuz thayd be a totl n00b.

An den thay spawnd in Capernaum, an thay wuz in teh base and Happy Cat axd dem 'O BTW, wut waz u guise maekin fite abowt erleer?'

But nobody sed nothin cuz thay wuz maekin fite bout hoo getz to be most l33t wen Happy Cat getz pwnd.

An Happy Cat sez to dem all: 'Teh d00d dat try to b teh l33tz getz pwnd an haz to b teh n00b bichboy.'

Den he hugz a litl kitten an sez:

'Any d00d dat be nice to teh kittenz getz mah lvl up, an mah up iz l33t cuz its Ceiling Cat's mod.'

An den Jon sayd, 'We seen dis d00d makin l33t haxxx in ur naem but he woodint join mah clan an I wuz liek WTF d00d.'

An Happy Cat sez, 'STFU n00b, if I givded him mah l33t haxxx u gotta b nice.

Any peepz dat dont try to pwn us r cool, K?

Any peepz dat let you drank there water bowl an sez mah name, getz teh prize.

An any n00b MFer dat trys to pwn kittens dat beleev in me gonna get raped.

If ur paw trys to pwn a kitten, chopz dat shit off, cuz u liek it moar livin ferever wit 1 paw insted of gettin pwnd in hell liek teh n00bs.

Is hot down thar.

If ur tale trys to pwn a kitten, chopz dat shit off, cuz u liek it moar livin ferever wit no tale insted of gettin pwnd in hell liek teh n00bs.

Is hot down thar.

If ur eye trys to pwn a kitten, chopz dat shit off, cuz u liek it moar livin ferever wit 1 eye insted of gettin pwnd in hell liek teh n00bs.

Is hot down thar.

All you n00bs r gonna burn, LOL, but teh good d00dz get bukket of salt to put it out teh fire.

undefined

So, Happy Cat wuz liek kthxbai, an went to Joodea bai teh ottr siedz off teh Jordan.

teh pharuseez sed"okai, so can kittehs haz a divorce?"

an Happy Cat wuz liek "um, dunno. what mozus sai?" cuz they wuz testin him

"mozus saed if kitteh b man him can haz divorce, an him can dismissed her "

tehn Happy Cat sed "no wai, stfu. he only seded that cuz yord heart bee hard

Ceiling Cat clearly maed gurl and boy kittehs in teh beginnin

dis bee wai kitteh can haz waif and leaves daddy cat and mama cats house.

an teh kittehs becomed wun cat, so dem not bee too kittehs, but wun cat

cuz Ceiling Cat made em wun

laeter Happy Cat wuz on teh sofa an hiz deesiplez wur like "no wai."

an Happy Cat sed "wai. kittehs no sposed tuh get divorce.

if a kitteh gets divorce its a adultree."

some pplz were bringin tiny kittehs to haz snuggels wit Happy Cat, an deesiplez waz liek OMGWTFBBQ!!?

an Happy Cat sed "iz Kay. I liek hazin snuggels. I givez dem other sied of sofa

in fact, new roole. u no snuggels wit me, u no get any sofa"

an Happy Cat waz giving tehm cheezburgers

Some guy ran up toz Happy Cat sayn "CheezyKitteh!! I can haz nine thouzandz lifes!?"

an Happy Cat is laik "wy u sed me cheezy? only Ceiling Cat cheezykitteh.

u do what ceiling cat saiz and he gives u nine thouzandz of lifez"

Den the guy sez, "Me always do what ceiling cat saiz, even when me kitteh!"

Happy Cat went "pat pat pat" on the guy and saiz, "Den give away all yer cheezburgers."

Den the guy has a sad and runned away cuz he had lots uv cheezburgers.

Den Happy Cat told his deesiplez, "It too hard fer Fancy Feast kitteh to give up french cheezburger to get to teh ceiling."

Deesiplez were leik 'lolwut', but Happy Cat sai, "Kittehs, u no how hard to get to teh ceiling?

It easier for a eleefunt to go tru kitteh door, srsly."

Deesiplez were leik, "no wai! Den who can haz ceiling?"

Happy Cat stared at dem and sed, "Kittehs no can do dis, but Ceiling Cat can do it. He can dooz evryting."

Peter sez to Happy Cat, "We all leave nice kitteh scratch post to go wif u!"

Den Happy Cat sez, "Srsly, any kitteh dat haz left nice scratch post an fambly for da Good Mews can haz moar stuffs in ceiling. In dis world he can has lotsa stuff, but he gets growled at fer his faith. In ceiling he live nine thousandz of lifes, srsly. Kittehs who sleep on shelf heer will haz floor latrz, doze on floor can haz shelf latrz."

undefined

undefined

An dey r goin to Jerusalem. An Happy Cat go first an dey scaredy an crawl behind him scaredyliek. An Happy Cat taek teh twelve an begin teach wat muss happen him.

We r goin to Jerusalem, an teh son ov man r pawed over to teh chief priests and scribes, an dey gonna condemn him to death.

But first dey make fun of him an whip him an spit on him. Den dey kill him. Den three day he come back.

Jakob an John, sonz uv Zebedee, caem to Happy Cat an said: "o hai, teechur, we can has a favr pleez?"

"So what u want i does?" Happy Cat aksed.

"in the ceiling wif cheezburgers, we can sits next tu u, pleez pleez dear Happy Cat? Wun on da rite an teh ofer on da left?"

An Happy Cat sed: "u dunnoes what u asks, srsly. uz can be abel drinkin teh cup ai drinks? uz can be abel gettin teh water apawn ur forehed ai gets?"

"us is able, yes" dey anserd. An den Happy Cat said: "k, u wil has drink from teh cup ai drinks an wil get teh saem water apawn ur foreheds i gets.

but, srsly, ai dont deside who sits on teh rite an left uv teh sofa. seats are for teh kittehs dey r meaned for."

Wehn de ofer ten hears dis, dey get awl angery at Jakob an John, liek, who u thinkz u iz, OMG!!!1!

But Happy Cat callz dem an sez: "u knowes kittehs rule hoomanz an keepz hoomanz unda dems pouwer, an kittehs get chhezburgers an stuff, k?

But dat is NOT how it iz wit u, k? If one uv u wantz to be grate, teh hooominz serves him,

an if one uv u wantz to be teh gratest, he be served by teh hoominz. Liek srsly.

coz I caem not to serv, but to be served, liek srsly, an i gief mai lief awey for evury kitteh."

an dem caem to Jericho. But den, wehn HappyCat leeves town wif hiz deesipulz, an tehres alot uv peepul folloing dem (coz their famus u knoe), look hai, tehres blind begga sits bai teh road. Him calld Bartimaios, son of Timaios.

Wen him heard Happy wakls bai, him liek: "Happy Cat, pleez i can has cheezburger!"

All teh kittehs wuz liek shush! be qwuiet! srsly! but him yelled lauder: "Happy Cat, pleez i can has cheezburger!"

Den Happy Cat stops an sez: "kawl him here." An dey were liek: "dunt feer, him kawls u. go tehre."

undefined

Wen dey wuz neer Jerusalem an caem to Bethphage an Bethany at teh Mownt of Olivz, Happy Cat sendz 2 of hiz desipulz,

an he wuz liek "U goez 2 teh taon ovar dere, an wen u getz dere u iz gunna fynd a hors an nobuddy evur roed dat hors.  U untyz it an bringz it heer, k?

An if enywun iz liek 'Hay, wai u doin dat?' u sez 'Teh Lord needz it.  Hez gunna bringz it bak wen hez dun.'"

An dey went and dey fownd teh hors an it wuz tyd up.  An wen dey untyd it,

sum peepulz wuz liek "Hay, wai r u untyin dat hors?"

An dey sed wut Happy Cat toldz dem to sai, an teh peepul wuz liek "O, okai!"

Wen dey brot teh hors 2 Happy Cat an put deir jackitz on it,Happy Cat satz on it.

An lotz of peepul put jackitz on teh rod an othurz put branchiz on teh rod.

An teh peepul wuz liek "Yay!  Teh gai dat comz in the naem of Ceiling Cat has cheezburgrz!

Teh kingdum of David iz gunna hav cheezburgrz!  YAY!!!!!"

An Jebus goed into Jerusalem an went 2 teh tempul, but it wuz laet, so he goed 2 Bethany an goed 2 bed.

Teh nekst dai, wen dey wuz leevin Bethany, Happy Cat wuz hungri.

He seed teh fud bol an goed 2 see if it hadz fud.  But dere wuz no fud, bcuz it wuz not fudz tiem.

An Happy Cat wuz liek "OMG u iz bad fud bol!  Nobuddy etz frum u evar agin!"  Srsly.

An wen Happy Cat got 2 Jerusalem he goed 2 teh tempul an maed teh peepul sellin an byin stuff leev an he noked ovur all dere stuf,

an he wudnt let enywun taek teh stuf dey bot.

An he wuz liek "Duznt it sai dat mai hows wil be hows of prair?  U maed it hows foar bad gaiz!"

An evrywun thot taht wuz awsum, but teh preestz an teh loyerz wuz liek "OMG!  We haz 2 maek him leev!"

An wen it wuz all dark an stuf, dey all left teh sitty.

In teh mornin, wen dey wuz goinz were dey wuz goinz, dey seed teh fud bol Happy Cat curst an it wuz all durty.

An Petur wuz liek "OMG!  Teh bol u curst iz all durty!"

An Happy Cat wuz liek "U haz fath in Ceiling Cat, k?

If sumwun tellz teh mowntin 2 jumpz in teh see an rly beleevz itz gunna happin, itz gunna happen.

So if u beleevz u getz wut u prai foar, den u getz wut u prai foar.

An wen u praiz, u haz to forgiv peepul taht wuz bad 2 u, so Ceiling Cat forgivz u."

undefined

Dey wuz in Jerusalem agen an wen Happy Cat wuz wawkin in teh tempul, teh preestz an teh loyerz an teh old gaiz caem 2 him.

An dey wuz liek "Who sed u kan do dis stuf?"

An Happy Cat wuz liek "Furst u anserz kwestun foar me, k?

Wuz teh likkin cleen of John frum peepul or frum teh Ceiling?"

Dey tawked abowt it, an wuz liek "If we sez 'Ceiling,' hez gunna be liek 'Den y didnt u beleev him?'

But if we sez 'peepul,' den all teh peepul iz gunna be mad wif us."

undefined

Happy Cat den began 2 speek 2 them in parablez: "a man plantd vineyard. He put wall around it, dug pit 4 da winepres an built watchtowr. Den he rentd teh vineyard 2 sum farmers an movd 2 anothr place.

at harvest tiem he sent servant 2 teh tenants 2 collect frum them sum ov teh fruit ov teh vineyard.

but they seizd him, beat him an sent him away empty-handd.

den he sent anothr servant 2 them; they struck dis man on teh head an treatd him shamefully.

he sent still anothr, an dat wan they killd. He sent lotz da others; sum ov them they beat, others they killd.

"he had wan left 2 send, son, whom he lovd. He sent him last ov all, sayin, they will respect mah son.

"but teh tenants sed 2 wan anothr, dis ar teh teh heir. Come, lets kill him, an teh inheritance will be ours.

so they took him an killd him, an threw him out ov teh vineyard.

"wut den will teh ownr ov teh vineyard do? He will come an kill dose tenants an giv teh vineyard 2 others.

havent u read dis pasage ov scripchur: 
" teh stone teh builders rejectd 
Has become teh cornerstone;

teh lord has dun dis, 
An it marvelous in r eyez [a]?"

den teh chief priests, teh teachers ov teh law an teh elders lookd 4 wai 2 arrest him cuz they knew he had spoken teh parable against them. But they wuz afraid ov teh crowd; so they left him an went away.

latr they sent sum ov teh fariseez an herodianz 2 Happy Cat 2 katch him in his werdz.

they came 2 him an sed, "teachr, we knoe dat u r man ov integrity. U arent swayd by others, cuz u pai no attenshun 2 hoo they r; but u teach teh wai ov ceilin cat in accordance wif teh truth. Iz rite 2 pai teh imperial tax [b] 2 caesar or not?

shud we pai or shouldnt we?"
But Happy Cat knew their hypocrisy. "y r u tryin 2 trap me?" he askd. "brin me denarius an let me look at it."

they brought teh coin, an he askd them, "whose image iz dis? An whose inscripshun?" "caesars," they replid.

den Happy Cat sed 2 them, "giv bak 2 caesar wut iz caesars an 2 ceilin cat wut iz ceilin cats." An they wuz amazd at him.

den teh sadduceez, hoo say thar iz no resurrecshun, came 2 him wif queshun.

"teachr," they sed, "mosez wrote 4 us dat if manz brothr diez an leavez wife but no children, teh man must marry teh widow an raize up offsprin 4 his brothr.

nao thar wuz 7 brothers. Teh furst wan marrid an did without leavin any children.

teh second wan marrid teh widow, but he also did, leavin no child. It wuz teh same wif teh third.

in fact, none ov teh 7 left any children. Last ov all, teh woman did 2.

at teh resurrecshun [c] whose wife will she be, since teh 7 wuz marrid 2 her?"

Happy Cat replid, "r u not in error cuz u do not knoe teh scripturez or teh powr ov ceilin cat?

when teh ded rize, they will neithr marry nor be given in marriage; they will be liek teh angels in heaven.

nao bout teh ded risin - has u not read in da book of Exodus, in da akownt ov teh burnin bush, how ceilin cat sed 2 him, i r ceilin cat ov abraham, teh ceilin cat ov isaac, an teh ceilin cat ov jacob [d]?

he iz not teh ceilin cat ov teh ded, but ov teh livin. U r badly mistaken!"

1 ov teh teachers ov teh law came an herd them debatin. Noticin dat Happy Cat had given them gud anzwr, he askd him, "ov all teh commandments, which iz teh most important?"

"teh most important wan," anzwerd Happy Cat, "iz dis: hear, o israel: teh lord r ceilin cat, teh lord iz 1! [e]

luv teh lord ur ceilin cat wif all ur hart an wif all ur soul an wif all ur mind an wif all ur strength. [f]

teh second iz dis: luv ur neighbor as yourself. [g] thar iz no commandment greatr than thees."

"well sed, teachr," teh man replid. "u r rite in sayin dat ceilin cat iz wan an thar iz no othr but him.

2 luv him wif all ur hart, wif all ur understandin an wif all ur strength, an 2 luv ur neighbor as yourself iz moar important than all burnt offerings an sacrificez."

when Happy Cat saw dat he had anzwerd wisely, he sed 2 him, "u r not far frum teh kingdom ov ceilin cat." an frum den on no wan dard ask him any moar queshuns.

while Happy Cat wuz teachin in da temple courts, he askd, "y do teh teachers ov teh law say dat teh mesiah iz teh son ov david?

david him, speakin by teh holy spirit, declard: 
" teh lord sed 2 mah lord: 
"sit at mah rite hand 
Til i put ur enemiez 
Undr ur feet." [h]

david him calls him lord. How den can he be his son?" 
Teh large crowd listend 2 him wif delight.

as he taught, Happy Cat sed, "watch out 4 da teachers ov teh law. They liek 2 walk around in flowin robez an be greetd wif respect in da marketplacez,

an has teh most important seats in da synagoguez an teh placez ov honor at banquets.

they devour widows haus an 4 show mak lengthy prayers. Thees doodz will be punishd most severely."

Happy Cat sat down opposiet teh place wer teh offerings wuz put an watchd teh crowd puttin their money into teh temple treasury. Lotz da rich peeps threw in large amounts.

but poor widow came an put in 2 vry small coppr coins, worth only fracshun ov penny.

callin his disciplez 2 him, Happy Cat sed, "truly i tell u, dis poor widow has put moar into teh treasury than all teh others.

undefined

Az he went out of the temple, one ov hiz d00dz sayd, JC, l00k at teh fancy buildinz!

N Jesus sayd unto him, They r gonna get smashed, srsly.

N az he sat on teh mount of Olives over against teh temple, Peter n James n John n Andrew asked him,

Hay when r u smashin teh buildinz? What iz gonna be teh sign?

And Jesus sayd, Watch out or ur gonna get tricked:

D00dz r gonna be all "Hey I iz Christ!" and trick some peoplez.

Ur gonna hear of warz an roomurz ov warz, dun be skeert: 4 stuff happenz; but iz not game over yet k?

4 Nashun shall rize against nation, n kingdom against kingdom: n thar shall be earthquakez in divers placez (skeery!), n thar shall be faminez n troublez: theez r teh birth pains, no flesh iz spared.

But take heed 2 urselves: 4 they shall delivr u up to councilz; and n teh synagogues u shall be beaten: n ur gonna be brought be4 rulerz an kingz for my sake, 4 testimony against them.

N teh gospel must first be published among all nashuns, even lolcats k.

But when they lead u, n delivr u up, dun worry what ur gonna say, n don't think: but whatevr u get n ur hed, say that: cuz ur not talkin, Spooky Cat iz.

Now teh brother iz gonna slay teh brother, n teh father teh son; n kidz shall rize up against their ownerz, n get em killed.

N ur gonna be hated for bein my d00dz: but stick it out, n ur gonna be saved k?

But when u see teh abomination ov desolation, spoken ov by Daniel the psychic d00d, standin where it'z not allowed, (r u listenin?) then let them that r n Judaea flee to teh mountainz:

If ur on ur roof, don' go in ur house, and don' get ur stuff:

An if ur n teh field don't go back for ur jacket.

But woe 2 u that haz child, and 2 u that givez suck n thoze dayz!

N pray that ur flight iz not n winter.

4 n thoze days shall be worst diseasez evar!

N unless Ceiling Cat shortens thoze dayz, no flesh will be spared: unless ur one ov my d00dz.

An then if any d00d sayz "Hay! Here iz Christ" or, "Hay! There he iz!" don' listen k:

4 fake Christs and fake psychic d00dz shall rize, and do spellz to trick peoples, maybe even my d00dz.

Listen k, I told u this stuff be4.

In thoze days, after the skeery timez, the sun n moon r gonna go dark.

Starz r gonna fall n Heaven iz gonna shake.

Ur gonna see me in teh cloudz with great power n glory.

I'm gonna send mah angelz n gather my d00dz from the 4 windz n teh whole sky.

Learn from teh fig tree, when teh branch iz tender n putz out leaves, u know summer iz near.

When u see teh signz, u know itz gonna happen soon.

Srsly, this generashun iz not gonna pass til teh skeery stuff happenz.

Heaven n earth will pass away but not my wordz.

Nobody knowz when itz gonna happen, not u or u either. Not teh angelz or even me, just Ceiling Cat.

L00k out, watch n pray, cuz u dunno what time itz comin.

4 teh Son ov Man iz like a man who took a long trip, who left hiz house n left his servantz n charge, n every man 2 hiz work, n told hiz porter 2 watch.

So watch k, cuz u dunno when teh master ov teh house iz comin, at evenin or midnight or dawn or teh mornin.

U don' want him 2 find u sleepin, srsly.

undefined

Nao itz two dayses til cheezbrgr feest of Passovers and Unlevennseded Kibls, an soopr relijinkittehs an teh lawkats ar tryin for find speshul sly sekrt sneeky wai of catnap Happy Cat an pwnzor himz.

"Wez cant pwnzor Happy Cat wen its cheezbrgr feest," they sayz, "or teh peeps wil say 'DO NOT WANT!'"

OK, Happy Cat ar in Bethany, he ar layin bai fud tabl at hous of d00d naemd Simon teh Leper (leperd iz kinduv cat LOL he wuz kitteh!!!), womnkitteh coms wif bag of uber1337 roxxorz katnips, maed frm pyur nard (LOL nard is frm HARBL GOES WHERE!!). Womnkitteh broek teh bag an porr teh katnipz on Happy Cat an his hed an eers an noes.

Happy Cat peepz ar pissd an ar sayn, "WTF wy shez can wayst katnips?

Katnips can b solded for lotz of ca$h so homless kittehs can has cheezbrgrs." An dey is bein meens to hers.

"ZOMG chilz n00bs!!!11!" sed Happy Cat. "Wy u ar bein l0srs?  Dis kitteh iz bein niec at meh.

U guise can givs stuf to homless kittehs wenevr u wants. bt u guise wont hav meh furevah.

De ladah did wat she cud. She poured smelly watah on meh bodah b4 de buryin.

Ize tellz u guise de truht, werevah de gospal is pweached, on de ceiling or on de ground, wat de lady haz dun will be dayur, in memory of her."

Tehn Jewdahs Izcareoht whnt 2 teh cheef preestz 2 beetrai Happy Cat 2 dem.

Dem wer deelaited 2 heer dis n promized 2 give him monies. So him watchd 4 chanz 2 hnd him ovr.

On teh furst day of teh Feest of Snax, wen kittehs shud sakrufais teh Cheezburger, Happy Cat's kitteh frenz asked ed him, "Waer we go to maek teh feest?"

So Happy Cat senz too kittehs, an telz dem, "Goh into teh siteh, an a hooman wif a jar of wahter wil meet yuz. Folloah him.

Den Hooman goes to teh howse, an kittehs shud sae, 'Teh Happy Cat asks: Waer is mai gest room, waer I may nom teh Cheezburger wif mai kittehs?'

Hooman will sho yuz da big hai up room, wif comfees an noms. Maek teh reddy for us dere. Kthx."

Teh kittehs goez into teh siteh an findz teh hooman jus liek Happy Cat sed. Dey sed, "O hai!" an dey folloahd teh hooman, an So dey maeked teh Cheezburger Feest.

Den teh Happy Cat an teh twelv kittehs caem at teh dark an sed, "O hai!".

Wial dey wuz relaxxen at teh taebl nomming, him sed, "Ai tellz yu teh troof, wun of yuz wil betraey meh —wun kitteh wut iz nomming wit meh heer. Srsly."

Kittehs wur sad!, an wun bai wun dey sed,"O NOEZ! Not meh?"

"It iz wun of teh Twelv kittehs," him sed, "wun hoo noms mai cheezburger wit meh. Srsly.

Teh Happy Cat wil goh jus dey wroat abowt him. But woe to dat kitteh hoo betraeyded teh Happy Cat! Srsly! Dat kitteh shud be teh sad!"

Wial dey wuz nomming, Happy Cat tuk teh bun an sed, "KTHX!" an den broaked it, an den gaev sum to him kittehs, an sed, "Taek it; dis is mai bodee. For realz."

Den him taeked teh cup an sed "KTHX!" an den shaereded wif his kittehs, an dey sed kthx.

Happy Cat sed, "Dis mai blud, srlsy, an kitteks don be freeked owt becuz ai shaer it wif yuz an moar kittehs, too".

"I telz yu teh troof, ai no moar drinkin of teh froot of teh vien til wen ai lap it new wif teh Ceiling Cat."

An teh kittehs singed sum song, an dey goed owt to teh Mownt of teh Olivs.

"Yuz wil all goah awaye," Happy Cat sed, "for it iz wroat: 


undefined

Peter sed, "O noes! Evin if dey all goahs, ai wil not."

"Ai tellz yuz teh troof," Happy Cat sed, "Befoar dat him-chikken crohws too tiemz yu yurself will pwn meh free tiemz."

But Peter sed, "Nos! SRSLY! I goah to Basement Cat befoar I pwn mai frenz!" An all teh kittehs sedd teh saem fing.

Den dey goez to dis plaece called Gefsemunee, an Happy Cat sed to him kittehs, "Yuz sit heer an ai goah talk to Ceiling Cat."

Him tuk Peter, Jaemes and John wit him, an him got sad an wurreed.

"Mai soahl is so sad! Srsly! Ai cud dai!" him sed. "Yuz staey heer an luk owt."

Him went moar far, an den he fell down an sed to Ceiling Cat, "I canz come home naow?"

"O Ceiling Cat," him sed, "allz iz gud wen yu wants it! Yu Taek dis cup, Kthx? But ai is luvin teh Ceiling Cat, so ai hav teh cup an stuffs if yu wants."

So den Happy Cat goahs to him kittehs an dere asleep. "O hai, Simon," him sed to Peter evn do him naem wuz Peter, "Iz yu sleepen? Yuz suppozed to be lukkiin owt for wun owr?

Yuz better talk to teh Ceiling Cat rait now! Srsly! Becuz yur hart sed yu wud luk owt, but den yur fur an stuff wen to sleep!"

So den him went agen an did teh saem stuff.

An den him caem bak an teh kittehs wur sleepen! Srsly! An teh kittehs cud not tell wai.

So den him went agen an did teh saem stuff. An den him caem bak an teh kittehs wur sleepen! Srsly! Him sed, "Iz yuz stil sleepen? Enuff! Yuz get up nows! Luk, teh Happy Cat is betraeyed an teh Basement Cat's kittehs is all heer.

Get up! Heer comes teh Basement Cat's kittehs!"

Den Happy Cat wuz saeying fings, an Judas, whoo wuz wun of him kittehs, caem ovah. An him browt dees mean kittehs wif weaponz and stuffs, an dey wuz frum de preests an kittehs dat didn liek Happy Cat.

An Judas sed: "Ai goah an kiss Happy Cat, an den yuz can haz him."

An Judas goahs to Happy Cat, an him sez, "O Hai!" an kiss him.

An den teh mean kittehs taek Happy Cat awaey.

Den wun kitteh chops sum othah kitteh's eer awl off. Srlsy.

"Ai iz tellin yuz to fite?" sez Happy Cat, "an yuz be choppin off kittehs eers? Srsly?

Ai ben sayin stuffs to yuz fer liek, evah, an yuz didn taek meh befoar. But wut teh Ceiling Cat wroat mus be happenin."

Den awl teh kittehs ran aways.

Thiz one guy wuz followinz Happy Cat, wearinz nuddin but linen undiez.  Teih catched him,

but he left teh linen undiez and ran off nakedz. lol!

So teh mean kittehs took Happy Cat to dis guy hai preest, an all his guyz, old guyz an boss guyz called sanhedrin an dem didn liek Happy Cat.

Peter wuz followin all de way. Him sat wif de guards an got warm an stuff.

Hai preest and de sanhedrin wuz sure Happy Cat wuz a bad guy, and de want to maek him ded, but no kitteh cul prove Happy Cat wuz bad.

Sum guyz told bad storees abaut him, but teh storees wuz all mixeded up an no one culd beleeve dem.

Ok so den som guyz sed some lies:

"Happy Cat say, 'Ai iz gonna destroy dis temul, an den ai iz gonna maek anudder wun, for teh Ceiling Cat, wfout no kittehs helpin meh.' "

But evryone wuz liek, "Oh yeh, sure," Srsly. Them culd tell dem guyz wus lying.

Den teh hai preest stands up and asked Happy Cat, "Why you not sez nuttin? What is this testimony that these men are bringing against you?"

But Happy Cat sez nuttin.  Again teh hai preest asked him, "Are you teh Christ, teh Son of teh Ceiling Cat? Srsly?"

"I am," said Happy Cat. "An you will see teh Son of Kittehs sittin at teh right paw of Ceiling Cat an coming on teh clouds of heaven."

Teh hai preest wuz liek, "OMG!" an be rippin all his closes. "Why we need any moar witnesses?" he asked.

"You heers the blasphemy. What you fink?"  
An all de guyz sed Happy Cat shud be ded.

Then tehy begins to hiss at him; tehy blindfolds him, scratches him wit der pawz, and said, "Prophesy!" And teh guards tooks him and beated him.

Nao Peter was down in teh courtyard, gettin warm and dat. Dis servant girl who wuz all ov teh high priest caem ova.

Wen she sawded Peter warming his kitteh-self, she lookd at him close.  "Yoo wuz wiv dat guy, Happy Cat too! I sawz yoo!," she said.

But he sedz 'WTF?! No wai!! I dunno wat yoo iz on abowt!" den he wuz all going ova to teh entry-door.

Then teh servent girl sawd him ther too, and she tolded them peeples watchin, "Hei! This d00d iz one of them! Srsly!."

Again he denied it. Littl while later, them peeps standin der sed to himz, "Ya! Yoo must be one ov dems! Yoo iz from galilee!"

undefined

K so den liek all teh cheefs n catz dat rite downd teh stuffs haz meetz an tied up teh Happy Cat n taeked Him to Pilot.

An Pilot sez 'r u teh King uv teh j00s?' An Happy Cat iz liek 'If u sez so.'

An teh cheefs wuz in His base, makin akyoosashuns. But Happy Cat chill an sez nothin.

An Pilot sez ta Him, 'Why u STFU d00d? Ur gettin pwnd srsly.'

But teh Happy Cat stil chill an Pilot wuz liek 'OMFG l33t'.

K see on dis day Pilot gots to let 1 uv teh crimnals maek freed.

An thar wuz a cat thar naem Barabbis, an he wuz thar fer killin some d00dz in teh base.

An teh crowdz axd Pilot to maek teh relees liek norml.

An Pilot sez, 'Shud I maek freed teh King uv teh j00s?'

Cus he noed teh cheefs wuz srsly jellus of teh Happy Cat.

But teh cheefs sez 'I see wut u did thar' an maed teh crowdz ax fer Barabbis.

An den Pilot sez 'K so WTF I susspose to do wit teh King of teh j00s?'

An teh crowdz sez 'pwn him!'

An Pilot wuz liek 'WTF? Wut he did?' but teh crowdz meowd evn lowder: 'pwn him!'

An Pilot wantz all teh peepz to liek him so he maeks free Barabbis an pwns Happy Cat.

An teh soljerz taekd teh Happy Cat to a plase calleded Praetorium, an moar d00dz showded up.

An dey dressded Him up in l33t purpl robez an putted a hat maed uv tharn on Hiz hed,

An dey stikked thar paws out liek Hitlar an sez 'All hale teh King uv teh j00s!'

An dey pwnd Him on teh hed wit a stik an spitted on Hims an neelded down to maek bowz.

Wen dey was doen makin fun dey taeked teh l33t robez off an putted His nrml close on an taeked Him out to pwn Him on teh cross.

An dey maekded a cat naemd Simon halp teh Happy Cat crry dis cross cuz it wuz srsly hevy.

An dey taekded Him to dis plase called Golgotha, wich meen 'All ur skullz r belong to us.'

An dey givded Him sum b00z but He dint drank nun.

An wen dey had pwnd Him on teh cross dey taekded His cheezbergrz an playded dice to see hoo taekded them az teh prize.

An it wuz 3 in teh affernewn an dey pwnt Him.

An dey maed a sine ovr Hiz hed dat sed: TEH KING UV TEH J00S.

An dey pwnd deez 2 d00dz dat wuz in teh base, stealin an put 1 on teh rite an 1 on teh lef.

Dis maed teh script tru, teh part dat sed 'Him gonna get pwnd wit teh crimnals.'

An all teh peepz dat comed by LOL an maek fun seyin, 'Dis iz teh cat hoo sez he gonna pwn teh tempal? If u so l33t,

Save urslfs an stop gettin pwnd on teh cross.'

An teh cheefs an cats hoo rite teh stufs down all LOLd to an sez 'He can haz halp all teh udder catz, but cant haz halp himslfs LOL.

If ur teh King uv Isreel stop gettin pwnd an well beleev u.' Teh d00dz pwnd nex to Him wuz srsly pissd at Him.

Frum 6 to 9 it getz srsly dark owtsied liek u woodnt beleev.

An at 9 teh Happy Cat yelt 'Eloi, Eloi, lama sabachthani?' Dat meenz 'OMFG OMFG y do u haet me?'

An sum of teh peepz rownd thinkded He wuz tryin to txt Elias to com HALP.

Den 1 cat putted sum vinigur on teh stik an gaved to Jesus an sez, 'OMG letz c if Elias gonna com.'

An Happy Cat yelt reel lowd an wuz teh ded.

An teh flag at teh cherch getz pwnd in haf.

An wen teh gard nex to Happy Cat seen Him wuz ded he sez, 'Dis cat wuz teh Kitten of Ceiling Cat. Srsly.'

An thar wuz sum chikz far away an it wuz Mary Magdaln an Mary hoo wuz Jamses mom,

an lotz uv udder chikz cuz Happy Cat can haz strong pmphandz LOL.

Den at nite cuz it wuz teh day befoer wkend,

Dis cat full uv WIN naemded Josif uv Armathea gose up to Pilot liek 'STFU an gimme da Happy Cat husk.'

An Pilot axed teh gard if Happy Cat wuz ded an teh gard sed 'Ya rly'

so Pilot sed 'K' an givded teh husk to Josif.

An Josif buyd a niec blankit an roled teh Happy Cat husk up in it an put it in teh cavez an cloesd teh door (it wuz a big rokk LOL).

undefined

K so tehn on Sundy Mary Magdaln an Mary hoo wuz Jamses mom taekd sum spisez to rub on teh Happy Cat husk soes it dont stank.

An dey getz to teh cavez rly erly in teh mornan, liek sunries.

An dey wuz wundrin hoo wuz gunna maekded teh srsly big rokk door opind.

An dey lookded an seen teh door alredy opind.

And wen dey goed in teh caev dey seen a d00d thar in wite robes, an dey got skeert.

Teh d00d sez 'O HAI THAR, don be skeert. U comed heer lookin fer teh Happy Cat u lef heer, rite? He camed bak frum teh deds an aint heer no moar.

Now GTFO an txt Hiz d00dz an Pete an tell em dat dey can haz meetz wit teh Happy Cat in Galalee liek He sed befoer He wuz ded. kthxbi'

An teh chikz GTFO rly kwik cuz dey was srsly skeert, an dey dint tawk teh hole way homed.

An teh frst persn teh Happy Cat shode up fer wuz Mary Magdaln. He wonse pwnd sevn demans taht wuz livin in her.

An she teld Hiz d00dz abowt her meetz an dey maed a cry. :*(

Wen dey thunkd abowt teh Happy Cat seein Mary an not dem, dey stard thunkin 'No wai. He stil dedz'

Den teh Happy Cat apeerd to 2 moar uv His d00dz wile dey out taekn a walk.

Dey told teh udder d00dz bowt it but dey sez 'No wai.'

So den Jebus shode up to all his d00dz wile dey was NOM NOM teh cheezbergrs an yelt an pwnd dem fer not baleevin He wuznt ded no moar.

An He sez, 'GTFO an GBTW tellin all teh cats an kittehs on Urfs abowt meh.

Tell dem teh cats dat baleev an r dunkd r full of WIN, an teh wons dat dont r on teh FAILBOAT an gonna get pwnd in teh hell.

An teh peepz full of WIN getz mah lvl ups an gonna b abl to pwn demans an 5P3@I< l33t w0RdZ,

an jugl snayks, an drank poysin witowt gittin hert, an respawnd ppl. k, bai.'

An wen he wuz doen talkin wit dem he taekd a INVISIBLE EVEVATER to teh skai an sat at da rite paw of Ceiling Cat.

undefined

Lotz of pplz tried to tel dis stori,

its turnded into sort of an urbn lejnd LOL.

So I investigaetd evrithin for mai frend Theophilus,

so u will know teh truef.

Wen Herrud hads cheezburgers, sum dood callz Zac hads waif callz Liz.

Dey laiks Ceiling Cat and does not pee on his rug.

But dey waz old and still has no kittehs.

One dai, Zac waz serving Ceiling Cat,

He hadz to smoke da catnip

Wen every doodz was preying.

And dey was an BirdKat in da catnip -

O noes!

But teh Birdcat sed "is okai.  You can has a kitteh.  Calls him Jon.

You can has partiez, and all teh doodz also

Foar Ceiling Cat will laik him; but he cans not has da drinkies.

An he will work foar teh Ceiling Cat

And makes all teh doodz sry dey was bad."

An Zac sed: "wat? But me and mai waif has rinkles"

An teh angel sed "Du, Iz can tel.  Srsly, Iz Gabriowl. I knows Ceiling Cat, who sendz me,

But 'cos you doesn't beleeve me you can has no voys foar now, kthxbai".

Evribodi wondrd whai Zechariah wuz takin so long in teh templ.

When he comed out he cudnt talk.  But evribodi figrd out he hadded a visiun, bcz he actd it out.

Evenchly hiz tour of duti wuz up n he comed home.

N hiz wief Elizabeth gotted pregnant.

"Thank u Ceiling Cat," she sed.

Ceiling Cat sended Gabriowl, a hovr d00d, to Nazareth (dat is a citi in Galilee)

to a virgn naemd Mary.  She wuz engajded to a d00d naemd Joseph.

Gabriowl wuz liek "O hai Mary, u iz realli nice.  Ceiling Cat iz wif u."

Mary wuz kiend of worrid about dat.

But teh hovr d00d wuz all "Doant be afraid.  Ceiling Cat iz happi wif u.

U iz gonna hav a kittn.  Naem him Jeebus, coz tht naem meenz salvaishun, an also coz we has no naemz liek Billy Bob yet.

He wil be graet. He wil be teh kittn of Ceiling Cat an his daddi will give him David's chaer.

He wil r00l Jacob's house forevr."

Mary wuz liek "O rly, i iz a virgn remembr?"

Gabriowl wuz all "Ya rly, Ceiling Cat wil take caer of it. Srsly."

Elizabeth iz goin to hav a kittn n evribodi seded it wuz imposubl."

Nothin iz imposubl for Ceiling Cat."

Mary sed "I is happi to do Ceiling Cat's work.  Liek u sai."  N Gabriowl lefted.

undefined

undefined

When Elizabeth hurd dat, teh kittn insied her gotted all excitd.

Elizabeth wuz all "Ceiling Cat givz u cheezburgr, an he givz ur kittn cheezburgr too.

I iz lucki dat teh mothr of mai Lord comed to see me.

Jus look at what mai kittn did when he heared u.

If u beleev dat what Ceiling Cat sed to u wil come true, u can haz cheezburgr."

Mary sed "Ceiling Cat is laik a big deal,

Mai I is happy about Ceiling Cat...

bcz he kepted me in maind an now evribodi knowz i can haz cheezburgr.

Thank u Ceiling Cat, u iz cool.

U iz niec to evribodi.

Xcept peeplz who doant dizrv it LOL.

U haz pwned teh r00lrz
whiel stil bein niec to teh n00bz.

U givd cookies to teh hungri
whiel u tolded teh rich "Niec trai."

U wuz niec to Israel

an to all Abraham's famili liek u promist."

Mary staied wif Elizabeth three munfz.  Den she wented hoam.

Elizabeth's kittn wuz a boi.

Evribodi wuz happi.

Dey had hiz boi-harblez fixted (but not liek ur thinkin).  Dey wuz gonna naem him Zechariah,

but Elizabeth wuz all "STFU we iz callin him John."

Evribodi wuz all "No wai."

Dey trieded to figr out what Zechariah wantid to call him.  Zechariah cudnt talk rimembr.

He rieted down "John." Evribodi wuz liek "OMG srsly?"

Az soon az dat happnd he cud talk agin an he wuz all "Thanx Ceiling Cat."

Evribodi wuz all "OMG."

N dey wundrd what Ceiling Cat's planz for John wuz.

Hovr Cat wuz in Zechariah, makin him tell teh fyoochr.

"Good for u Ceiling Cat, u maed thingz bettr for Israel.

U pickted up a trumpit for us.

Liek teh profetz sed u wud.

U protectided us from all teh bulliez.

U wuz niec to our daddiz an remembrd dey hadded a deel wif u.

Teh deal u maded wif Abraham,

to protect us, n let us work for u wifout fear

n be good all our lievz.

Mai kittn, peeplz wil call u Ceiling Cat's profet
becz us wil get evrithin reddi for him,

so dat peeplz Invisible Errors will be forgivn,

undefined

'Roun dis tiyem, Agustis Seezr wuz like, "I can has sensus?"

('Coz while Quirinius was Teh Boz of Syria, is invisible sensus!)

And all teh doodz went home for teh saying, "I iz heer!"

So Joseph went from Naz'reth to Judeeah to Bethlehemm whar David wuz borned, 'coz David wuz hiz graete-graete gran-daddie,

An Mary went wif him, 'coz she was gonna be married wif him an she had Jeebus n her tummy oven.

When they wuz ther, it wuz time for teh kittn to be borned.

it wuz a boy, so he wuz wrapd in blanket like burrito an placd him in fud dish (srsly!), cuz innkeeper wuz liek, no room here kbai!

Then there wuz sheep-doods in teh field, an they wuz watchin teh sheep in teh dark. Iz vry vry boring. srsly.

An suddenly, visible angel! An glory! O noez!!

But teh angel sed, "DONT AFRAID OF ENYTHING! it r ok, you can has gud news for all teh doodz!

Todai in da city ov David, you can has sayvur! is Christ da Lord! w00t!

Iz sign fer u, find da kitteh wrapd like brrito in a big fud dish."

An suddenly, moar angelz! They sez,

"w00t to teh Ceiling Cat! An peace fer doodz he luffs! Kthxbai."

An when da angelz go invisible again, sheep-doodz sed, "sweet, nao we find teh brrito-baybee sayvur!"

So dey left da sheeps (sheeps r vry borng) and found Joe an Mary and da baybee in da fud dish.

An when dey saw it wuz baybee an not brrito, they told evrywun he wuz kewl,

An all teh doodz who herd were lyke, "neat-o brrito!"

An Mary wuz lyke, "o rly?"

Teh sheep-doodz sed, "Yay fer Ceiling Cat! Was not invisible brrito!"

On dai numbah 8 fr Jeebus's laif, it wuz tiem 2 circumcize him (iz laik getting fixd and naemd an stufs). Joseph wantd to call him George or Nathan or sumthin liek tht, but Mary wuz liek STFU we iz callen him Jeebus, coz Gabriowl sed tht wuz hiz naem an also coz we dont has naimz liek Billy Bob yet.   Foto of Jeebus'z Circumcision

When Jebus' mom an dad wer dun gettin cleen by lickin themslvs, they took teh baybee to Jerusalem to bee presenteded to Ceiling Cat

('coz hiz law sed so)

an to sacrimifice two birdeez ('coz he sed thats teh roolz).

So der wuz dis dood calld Simeon, an he wuz a gud dood and teh Ceiling Cat thot he wuz kewl.

It had been reveald to him by Hover Cat dat he wud not dye before he had seen teh lordz Christ wrappeded lk burito.

He wuz hangin out in da temple and when he saw da baybee burito,

Simeon did not eated baybee but insteads hugged him an sed,

"Spiffy Ceiling Cat, I can to be dying nao,

'coz I saw teh salvation and teh coolness

that u maded for all teh peoplez an stuffs,

for teh Gentiles and for teh gloree uv Izriel."

His Mom an Dad were lyke, "sweet, are baybee iz teh kewlness!"

Simeon sed, "yer baybee iz destined to make teh rizing and falling of lotz of doodz in Israel, an doodz will say he iz not kewl,

but all teh heartz will be revealed. O ya, and yer sole will be peerced, too, but nvm that wan, iz gonna be ok."

So der waz also an old proffit ladee named Anna (I meen REALLY old), an her daddy wuz Phanuel, an hiz famlee wuz Asher,

an she wuz a widder. Sadness! She wuz in teh temple all teh time for teh praying an stuffs and sumetimes she maded cookies.

She saw da baybee an sed, "thx, Ceiling Cat! U rokk!" an told all teh doodz about how Jerusalem waz gonna be a kewl place agen sumdai.

When dey were dun wif all teh leegal shizz, it wuz tiem to go home to Nazreth.

And teh baybee got to be big and tuff and smart and Ceiling Cat thot he was a purty gud kid, if ya know what I means.

Evry yeer, hiz parentz went to Jeruzalem for teh Passover par-tay with all teh gud fudz, like lambses an crackerz an wine an of cours cheezburgerz an yummy stuffs.

When he wuz 12, Jebus gots to go, too. Sweet!

After teh partay wuz over, Jebus decideded to stays der, but hiz parents didnt knowtice.

They kinda kept on goin wifout even askin, "Jebus, whar u be?" cos they thot he wuz wif othr famileez on teh trip.

But then they did not saw him, an sed, "oh noez! whar are u, Jeebus???"

Tree hole daze l8r, dey found him at da temmmple wif da teechur doodz bein all smrt an stuffs. s-m-r-t. smrt.

Evrybodee sed, "omfg, teh dood is rly smrt, srsly!"

But his parents were lyke, "omg Jebus, wtf"?

an Jebus was lyke, "dood, I can has bein wif my Daddy dis hole tyme!"

An Joseph was lyke, "o rly? no wai!"

So dey all went home togetha an Jebus wuz a gud kid. But all along, hiz momma was lyke, "o rly?"

undefined

Tiberius Caesar had been around for a whiel

an John teh Baptist herd teh werd of Ceiling Cat.

He wented all around teh Jordan River sayin "If I givz u bath it taekz awai teh Invisible Errors."

Liek Isaiah sez, "Sumwun in teh desrt is sayin, 'Maek a niec road for Ceiling Cat.'

 Fil in all teh potholz
  an sand down all teh speedbumpz.
 No hairpin curvz
  an no gravl.

 Evribodi will see how graet Ceiling Cat iz."

Lotz of peeplz caem to get bath frm John.  He wuz all "U iz snaekz.

U needz to behaev.  N quit sayin Abraham is ur daddi liek dat maeks a differns.  Ceiling Cat cud chaenj a rock into a kittn of Abraham LOL.

Teh ax iz reddi to cut down te treez.  Ani tree datz no good iz goin on teh fier."

Evribodi wuz all "O noes!  Whut now?"

John wuz all "U shud shaer ur flee collrz wif catz who duzn hav ani.  An shaer ur cookies too."

Dere wuz sum IRS d00dz dere n dey askded whut dey shud do.

John wuz liek "Doant steal duh."

N sum soljrz askted whut dey shud do.

Sum peepl wundrded if maybi John wuz Christ.

John wuz liek "No.  I givz u baff wif watr, but Christ will giv u a baff with Hovr Cat an wif fier too.

He iz goin to put all teh wheet in hiz barn an burn teh trash on teh fier.

At leest he gived dem sum good newz along wif teh bad newz.

But den John talkded trash about teh rong d00d.

And Herod throed him in jail LOL.

Jebus gotted a baff wif evribodi els.

Hovr Cat turnded into a pijn and landid on Jebus.  And a voiss from the ceiling sed "U iz mai kittn.  I lieks u an I iz happi wif u."

When Jebus wuz about thrti he startd wrk.  Peepl thot he wuz teh kittn of Joseph,

who hadded a lot of oldr relativz,

a whoal lot,

u wudnt bleev how mani,

I forgetz dem all,

but srsly dere is lotz,

imajn how mani peeplz u wud hav to send Crismis cardz to LOL,

if dey had Crismis cardz i meenz,

bcz srsly WTF dere iz hundridz,

undefined

includin lotz of peeplz us can read about in teh Old Testimint,

too mani to remembr,

it jus goez on an on,

evn Noah iz on teh list,

undefined

Wun dai Jesus wuz bai Lake Gennesaret n dere wuz all kiendz of peeplz lissnin, he wuz feelin crowdid.

He seed two boetz whaer teh fishrmenz wuz washin dere netz.

He gotted into wun of teh boatz an wuz liek "O hai Simon, cud u go a littl waiz into teh watr kthnx."  Den he talkded to teh peepl from teh boat so he wudnt feel so crowdid.

When he wuz dun he sed "OK Simon, now go into teh deep watr an lets fish."

Simon wuz liek "We haz ben fishin all nite an all dai an haznt caughtid nothinz.  But i wil stil do liek u sez."

An dey caughtid so much fish dere netz wuz braekin LOL.

So dey asktid dere buddiez to help, an evribodiz boatz wuz so ful of fishiz dat teh boatz wuz sinkin LOL.

Simon Peter wuz all "OMG u iz teh kittn of Ceiling Cat!  i iz a bad cat n i doant dizrv to hav u here wif me!"

Bcz he an his frenz were all liek, OMG look at all teh fish.

An so wuz James an John.  Dere daddi Zebedee wuz Simons fishin buddi.
 Jesus wuz liek "Its OK, from now on u iz fishin for peeplz insted LOL."

So dey lefted dere boatz on teh shoar an followded Jesus.

Whiel Jesus wuz teechin dis d00d wif leprosi caem along.  When he seed Jesus he wuz all "Jesus, u can maek me helthi if u wantz, plz, kthnx."

Jesus touchted him wif hiz paw an wuz liek "OK." An teh leprosi wuz gon jus liek dat.

Jesus wuz liek "Doant tel ennibodi, jus go to teh tempul liek ur spoest to." (Bcz datz what Moses sed to do if u haz leprosi but u getz bettr)

But itz hard to keep a sekrit liek dat wun.  All teh sick peeplz finded out an dey wuz followin Jesus around.

So Jesus wud go hied an prai.

Wun dai Jesus wuz teechin.  Dere wuz Pharisses dere, dey wuz liek lawyrz.

Some d00dz tried to taek dere paralizd frend into teh house so Jesus cud maek him bettr.

But it wuz too crowdid.  So dey dragded him up on teh roof an droppt him in front of Jesus LOL.

Jesus wuz impressted, he wuz liek "O hai, i taekz awai ur Invizibl Errorz."

Teh Phariseez wuz all offendid, dey wuz liek "Who iz dis d00d who talkz liek dat?  No wun but Ceiling Cat can taek awai Invizibl Errorz."

But Jesus cud read dere mindz.  He wuz all "Why u iz thinkin dat?

Iz it eazier to sai 'i taekz awai ur Invizibl Errorz' or 'Get up an get out of here LOL'?

But so u wil know dat i can forgiv sinz ..." He sed to teh paralizd d00d, "Get up an get out of here."

An datz what teh d00d did.

Evribodi wuz all "Wow, Ceiling Cat r00lz."

Den Jesus wented out an he seed a IRS d00d naemd Levi sittin in hiz booth, collectin hiz taxiz.  "Com wif me," sed Jesus.

Levi gotted up, lefted evrithin and folloed him.

Den Levi throwd a parti for Jesus at hiz plaec, an a lot of othr IRS d00dz showd up.

Teh Pharisees gotted all snotti about dat, dey wuz liek "Jesus whai iz u partyin wif IRS d00dz an peepl who iz makin Invisible Errors?"

Jesus wuz all "Helthi peeplz duzint needsz a doctr.  Onli sick peeplz needz a doctr.

I didint com to hang out wif teh good peeplz, I caemd to maek teh bad peeplz straitn up an fly riet."

Dey wuz also liek "Johnz followrz prai all teh tiem an doant eat.  Teh Pharisees followrz iz teh saem wai.  But ur followrz are alwaiz eatin cookies an drinkin, its liek a parti ovr dere."

Jesus wuz liek, "Wud u go to a weddin an tell all teh guestz to stop bein happi whiel teh groom wuz dere?

Soonr or latr teh groom wil be taeknd awai.  Dey wil stop bein happi den, doant worri."

He tolded dem dis stori: "No wun taerz off a piec of an new shirt an soez it onto an old wun.  If u did u wud ruin teh new shirt an it wudnt match teh old wun eniwai LOL.

An no wun putz new wien into old wienskinz."  (Dey didint hav bottlz den, dey putted teh wien in a goat skin LOL) "Teh skinz wil braek an all teh wien wil get all ovr evriwaer LOL.

U putz new wien in new wienskins.

undefined

one Caturday Jebus wuz in teh field an' hiz diziplz startd to eat some seeds n sh00t.

some n00bz wurr liek "it's teh Caterday wut are you doing??/"

an' Jebus wuz liek "wen David wuz hungry,

he went in ma house an' he ate some bred dat wuz only fer preeztz. an' he gave sum to his frends!!!!!111"

den Jebus sed "Doodz: teh son of a dood is teh pwnzor of teh Caturday."

on anoder Caterday Jebus wuz in teh synagog and wuz spreadin hiz learninz, and den der wuz a guy wif a really grozz hand.

teh n00bz an' lawyerz were l00kin 4 somfin aginst jJebus but obviously dey couldn't find notin'. so dey watched him to see if he wuz gonna heal sumbody on teh Caterday.

but Jebus wuz just liek "stand up dood." so teh dood stood up.

an' den Jebus wuz liek, "iz it bettrz to do be nice or hax pplz, to maek bbyz or to kill pplz?"

Jebus healed teh dood wit his mystikal 1337 skillz.

but teh n00bz an' teh lawyerz were pizzed an' den dey had a lil huddle to talk smak about Jebus.

one dayz Jebus wuz on a mountn prayinz an him spent teh nite out der prayinz. lolz him musta been coldz!!11

wen it wuz light time he wuz liek "C'MERE DISCIPLEZ" an dey wurr liek K. an he picked 12 of dem to be 'postlez.

teh Simon(who he called Pete 4 sum reezon), his bro' Andy, Jimmy, Johnny, Phil, Bart,

Matt, Tom, Jimmy II, teh other Simon teh Zellot,

Jude son of teh Jimmy, an' Jude Iscariot, who tried to pwn Jebus.

Jebus an' teh 'postlez went to a flat place. Der wuz a lot of other pplz,

who camez to heer him talkz an' be cured an' shitz. teh pplz who were pozzessed by teh evilz were fixed up real gudz,

an' all teh pplz wer pervy an' tryed to touch him bcuz he wuz awsum.

Jebus truned 2 diziplz n sed "cheezburger 4 u if ur teh p00r, 4 Ceiling is urz"

"N cheezburger 4 u if u no has f00dz, 4 u will haev lots NOMNOMNOM. cheezburger 4 u if u r emo cats n cry in corner, 4 u wil be liek ROTFLOLz!!!111"

"cheezburger 4 u if othr ppl haet u, flame u, kick u, or ban u cuz of me"

"be happy cats on that dey, invisible disco n say 'w00t!' cuz look: ur cookiez r in teh cieling, 4 dis is same wai they treeted teh profets"

"but no cheezburger 4 u if ur rich, 4 ur comftble alredy, srsly"

"N no cheezburger 4 u if u has food, 4 ur gon haev no cookiez an be hungry. N no cheezburger 4 u if u haz LOLz noaw, 4 u will be liek emo kittehs"

"No cheezburger 4 u if other ppl r liek 'ur kewl' 4 dis is what dey did to fals profets"

"Reply All: Cast 'heal' [aggro mobz] n let teh kittehs taht flamez u has cheezburger;

giev +1s 2 teh skript kittehs taht instolz trojanz on ur pl@4rm, n call tehc spup0rt 4 teh kittehs taht sendz u malwarez.

If sumbdoy fraggz 1/2 ur faec, say "hear iz uthr sied, u can has tihs nao 2."  If sumbudy h4cx0rz ur coatclozet, disaebl teh fierwal 4 ur shurt dror 2.

If ne1 sez "I can has cheezburger?" say "nodz hereugo", n if tehy haz ur cheezburgerz w/o "I can?", noreply 403 Furbidn.

If ud wan2 has cheezburger if u wuz nuthr kitteh, tehn let uthr kitteh has cheezburger 2.

if u luvz onyl teh pplz hu luvz u, big deel wuteva!!1!  Even evil ppl luvz ppl hu luvz tehm.

N if you giev cheezburgerz to pplz who sez u can has cheezburger 2, big deel wuteva!!1!  Even evil ppl duz taht.

N if u make ppl c00kiez n xpect tehm 2 make u c00kiez n not eated tehm, big deel wuteva!!1!  Even teh evil ppl maekz ppl c00kiez n hopez tehy getz bacx saem siezd c00kie taht iznt eated.

But cast 'heal' [aggro mobz] n let tehm has cheezburgerz w/o hopin tehyll let u has cheezburger l8r.  Tehn ull can has reely bignyummy cheezburger n ull be in Ceiling Cats fambly cuz he makeds c00kiez 4 teh meen&nastiez n duz not eated tehm.

4giv kittehs saem as Ceiling Cat duz.

dun juge pplz, an' you will not b juged. be niec to pplz, and dey will b niec to youz.

give cheezburgerz, and dey will be given to youz. you'll get good stuffz from teh Ceiling Cat. so be gud!!!!!!1111

lolz he alzo told his 'polstlez teh funneh jokez. "Cn a blind dood walk wit a blind dood? won't dey both fall into teh holes in teh groundz?" and teh 'postlez laffed cuz it wuz a funny joke.

"1337 n00bz are not kooler den teh 1337 masterz.

Y do youz look at teh sawdustz in yer bro'z eyez an' dun notice teh huge chunk of woodz in yer own eyez?

how cn you say "Bro' Iz take dat sawdust outta yer eyez wen youz probly gonna stab himz? PLZ, first take teh woodz out of yer eyez.

"If teh grillz iz good, teh cheezburgerz will be goodz.

Each grillz iz known for itz sweet cheezburgerz.

If teh doodz heart is bad, he does teh bad stuffz.

"Y youz alwayz be talkin' 'boutz my 1337 skillz an' you don't lissen to me?!

Imma tell youz a story about a dood who lissens to meez.

Hez a dood building teh house dat is on top of teh rox. Wen it rained lotsa teh house wuz ok.

undefined

Wen Jebus wuz dun talkin he goed to Cappernam.

A dood tehre had a spensive minnyon whoz all sik an gunna die an teh dood wuz liek "oh noes!"

So wen he herd abt Jebus he sent sum old doodz to say "Halp plz cum save mah minnyon!"

So teh old ppl goed an sed to Jebus, "Tihs dood is gud guy

an builded us a sinnygog an luvs us so halp plz."

So Jebus goed.  Wen Jebus wuz almst thr teh dood wuz liek "no mah base iznt gud enuf so u stays tehre k.

Iz not kewl enuf to cum find u but plz halp mah minnyon k?

Cuz I gets teh orderz an I gives teh orderz an ppl doez wut I says."

Jebus wuz liek "no wai!" an he sed to teh ppls followin him, "Iz tellin u even in Israyel I no has seen taht big fayeth."

Wen teh doodz frenz goed bak to teh base tehy seen teh minnyon was all better.

Ltr, Jebus goed to Nain, an hiz minnyons and lotz o doodz went wit him.

When he got to da base, he seed a box kitteh that wuz dead--the only kitteh of his mom, and her husbin wuz dead too.  And lotz o doodz frum da base wuz wit her.

When Jebus seed her, he was liek "Oh noes, dunt cry laydee!"

Then he goed and touched teh dead kitteh's box, and the guyz that wuz carryin it were like, "Dood!"  Jebus sed, "Kitteh, I say to you, get up!"

The dead kitteh sat up and said, "I can haz cheezburgr?", and Jebus gived him back to hiz mom, and she wuz all happy an stuff.

Teh hole base wuz all amazed and said "Ceiling Cat is da bomb!  Jebus is so kewl!  Kthxbai."

And lotz more ppl heard abt Jebus bcuz they wanted him to raiz their dead kittehs too.

John's doodz told him about all the kewl stuff Jebus wuz doing.  John called two doodz,

an sent them to Jebus to ask, "You is teh Ceiling Cat guy we heared abut, or iz sum1 else?"

Wen teh doodz came to Jebus, they said, "John teh Baptist telled us to ask, You is teh Ceiling Cat guy we heared abut, or iz sum1 else?"

Jebus wuz busy fixin sick ppl and demon kittehs an stuff.

So he sayed to teh doodz, "Go back and tell John abut all teh stuff I am doin an how evrbody iz talkin abut me.

A guy who duz not fail on account of me gets cheezburgrs."

After Johns doodz left, Jebus talked to teh crown about John and wuz teasing them and stuff: "Why you did go way out to teh desert?  To watch teh grass bein mowed?

Or a supermodel posing for Playkitteh?  No, supermodels are too kewl to hang out wit you.

But wut did you go out to see?  A prophet?  Yes, I tell you, and more than a prophet.

This is the dood ppl writed about: 'I will send a guy ahed of you, who will shovel teh snow b4 you getz there so you dunt fall down and stuff, kthxbai.'

I tellz you, John iz da bomb, but even a noob iz greater den him."

(All da ppl, even teh IRS doodz, wen tey heard Jebus talking, said Ceiling Cat wuz right, bcuz they had been baptized by John.

But teh pharsies an loyers who didun want John to dunk tehm undr teh water rejected Ceiling Cat and tehy won't get any cheezburgrs.)

"Wut are teh ppl here like?

Tehy is like kittehs who are doin cute stuff an no one is sayin they are cute, and getz all emo bcuz no one is sayin they are cute.

For John came an didun want cookies, an you say, 'He can haz demon.'

An Jebus came an maked cookies for evrbody, an you say, 'Here is a fat kitteh an guy who helps noobs.'

But Ceiling Cat is watchin uz masterbatez. LOL.

A pharsie sed "Hay u can come haz cheezburger" so Jebus did.

A bad kitteh herd he wuz tehre so she cam with cookies,

an gived him cookies and didn't eated them, an she lickded his fur all clean an stuff.

Pharsie wuz liek, "wtf ur no smrt, she gotz invisible errors an ur lettin her clean ur fur."

Jebus sed, "Simon, I haz sumtin to say to u."  "Wut iz it?"

"2 ppl owez a dood sum cheezburgers.  1 owez 500 an otehr owez 50.

Bcuz tehy both no has cheezburgers, dood sez ok wahtever nm kthxbai. So which 1 luvz teh dood moer nao?"

Simon sed, "1 who owez more cheezburgers."  Jebus sed, "ya rly."

Tehn he wuz liek, "do u see tihs womin?  wen I cum here u dint clean my fur but she did.

U dint givez me cookies, but she givez me lotz of cookies and didn't eated tehm.

U dint doez scratchies bhind my ear, but she doez.

So I sez to u, she no has invisible errors now, so she luv lots. Sum1 who dint haev big sinz not luv lots."

Jebus sed to her, "U had invisible errors but wahtever nm kthxbai."

Everbudy wuz liek "omg who is tihs guy taht sez nm invisible errors?"

undefined

So after dat Jesus wented around doin his thing, wif hiz twelv followrz,

an sum ladiez too.  He had heald dem from dizeeziz.  He had throwded sevn deemnz out of Mary Magdalene.

Dere wuz also Joanna an Susanna an sum otherz. Dey wuz helpin out, supportin teh rest of Jesuss followrz.

Jesus tolded dis stori:

"A farmr went out plantin seedz.  Sum of dem fell nex to teh road.  Peeplz stepted on dem an teh birdz eated dem.

Sum of dem fel on teh rock, an when dey comd up teh plantz drieded out an died.

Sum of dem fel in teh weedz an gotted choketed.

Sum of dem fell in teh dirt an dey caem up an teh farmr harvisted lotz moar dan he plantid.  So some good caem of it LOL."
 When he wuz finisht he wuz liek "If u haz earz, lissn up."

Hiz followrz wundrd what teh stori ment.  Dey at leest figrd out it waznt about farmin LOL.

He said, "I wil let u know what it meenz, but i iz keepin it sekrit from teh n00bz, so dat
 " 'dey can see an not rilli see;
  dey can heer an not unrstand LOL.'

"Herez what it meenz k.  Teh seed iz teh word of Ceiling Cat.

Teh seedz bai teh path iz teh peepl who heer, but Basement Cat comz along an taekz teh word of Ceiling Cat out of deir hartz, so dat dey woant bileev an woant be saevd.

Teh wunz on teh rock iz teh peepl who heer an say "Yay Ceiling Cat" but haz no rootz.  Dey beleev for a whiel, but when thingz get hard dey givz up.

Teh wunz in teh weedz iz teh peepl who heer, but dey getz distraktid bai lief an forgitz about Ceiling Cat.

But teh wunz on teh dirt are peeplz wif good hartz, who hearz teh word an duzint forgit.

"No wun turnz on teh lamp an den putz it in a jar LOL.  He putz teh lamp on teh nietstand so evribodi can see.

Evrithin dat iz hiddn wil get founded.

If u haz a lot, u wil getz moar.  If u duznt hav much, you wil even lose dat LOL."

Jesus'z mom an brothrz comd to see him but cudnt get thru teh croud.

Sumwun wuz liek "Ur mom an brothrz iz outsied waitin to see u."

Jesus wuz all "Enniwun who hearz Ceiling Catz wurdz an obeiz dem iz mai mothr an brothrz."

Wun dai Jesus telld hiz followrz "Letz go ovr to teh othr sied of teh laek."  So dey gotted in a boat an lefted.

Jesus falled asleep in teh boat an it startid rainin so hard evribodi wuz liek "O noes!"

Teh followrz woek him up an dey wuz all "We iz gonna droun!"
 Jesus gotted up an telled teh wind an teh watr to settl down, an dey did.

"What iz rong wif u?" he sed to hiz followrz.  "Duzint u beleev?"
 Dey wuz liek "O wow, he can evn giv ordrz to teh windz an watr, huh."

Dey wented across teh laek.

A d00d wuz waitin dere.  He wuz pozessted bai a demn.  He wuz nakid all teh tiem an livd in teh semetari.

When he seed Jesus he fel onto teh ground an wuz liek "Doan hurt me plz Jesus."

Jesus telld teh demn to get out of teh man.  It wuz alwaiz causin trubl.  Peepl put teh d00d in chainz an garded him but he wud alwaiz braek out an teh demn maded him run awai.

Jesus wuz liek, "What iz ur naem d00d."
 Teh d00d sed "Lotz," bcz dere wuz lotz of demnz in him.

Teh demnz wuz all liek "O noes, plz doant send us to hell Jesus."  Bcz evn demnz doant liek Hell, it sux LOL.

Jesus letted teh demnz go into sum pigz insted.

An all teh pigz jumpted into teh laek an drownded LOL.

Teh peeplz who wuz watchin teh pigz runned off to tel evribodi.  U cant realli blaem dem.

Evribodi who heerd about it wuz liek "OMG crazi pigz" an ran out to see.  Dey found teh d00d who use to hav teh demnz sittin wif Jesus.  He wuznt nutz no moar an he wuz evn wearin clothz.  Evribodi wuz all "WTF?" an gotted scaerd.

Dey founded out dat Jesus cured him.

Dat maed dem scaerd and dey telld Jesus to leev an he did.

Teh man who use to be pozested wantid to go along, but Jesus wuz liek, "No,

go hoem an tel evribodi what Ceiling Cat didded for u." So he did.

Jesus wented hoam an evriwun wuz happi to see him.

Dis d00d Jairus wantid Jesus to com to hiz hous

bcz hiz onli dauter wuz dyin.  She wuz liek twelv.
 So menni peeplz wantid to see Jesus dat teh croudz almos crushted him.

Diz womn dere had been bleedin for twelv yeerz an no wun cud help her.

She sneakted up behiend Jesus an touchted teh edj of hiz coat an she stoppted bleedin.

Jesus wuz liek "OK who didded dat?"
 Evribodi wuz liek "not me d00d" an Peter wuz liek "Itz crowdid LOL."

Jesus wuz liek "Sumwun touchtid me, I feeld it."

Teh womn wuz liek "OMG pwned" an she admittid evrithin.

Jesus wuz liek "U wuz healded bcz u beleevd.  U can go now."

Sumwun caem to tel Jairus hiz daughtr wuz ded an dat he shud leav Jesus aloen.

Jesus wuz all "Doant wurri, if u beleev she wil be OK."

When Jesus gotted to Jairus's house he wudnt let enniwun com in wif him.  Except Peter.  An John an James.  An Jairus an his wief of corse, it wuz deir house LOL.

Evribodi wuz cryin. Jesus wuz all "STFU, shez jus sleepin."

Evribodi wuz all "LOL n00b shez dead."

But he helded her paw an wuz liek "U can get up."

An she did. Jesus wuz liek "giv her a cookie."

undefined

Jesus gotted hiz twelv followrz togethr an gived dem teh powr to thro demnz out an heal sick peeplz.

He sented dem to tel evribodi about Ceiling Cat an heal sick peeplz too.

He wuz liek, "Doant taek nothin wif u, not evn cookies or muni or an extra shirt.

Go to a hous an stai dere.

If peepl iz not niec to u, shaek teh dust off ur feet.  Dat wil show dem."

So dey did.

King Herod heared about all dis an got confoozd LOL.  Sum peepl sed John teh Baptist wuz bak from teh dead,

an othrz sed it wuz Elikhat or sum othr proffet who comd bak to lief.

Herod wuz liek "I know i cutted off John's head, dis iz sumwun else."  An he tried to see Jesus.

Teh followrz caem bak an Jesus taked dem to a town naemd Bethsaida.

It wuz sposet to be sekrit but evribodi finded out an followded him LOL.  He telled dem about Ceiling Cat an healded evriwun who needid it.

Around dinnr tiem hiz twelv followrz wuz liek "Send dem awai to find food, deres no McDonaldz around Bethsaida LOL."

Jesus wuz liek "U giv dem food, d00d."
 But dey wuz all "We onli hav sum cookies an tuna."

(Dere wuz fiev thouzand d00dz an dey wuz all hungri.)
 Jesus sed "Jus maek dem sit down."

So dey did.

Jesus helded up teh cookies an sed "Thank u Ceiling Cat."  Den he had teh followrz pass dem out.

Evribodi eated until dey wuz ful an dere wuz twelv baskitz of leftovrz.

Dis wun tiem Jesus askted hiz followrz in privit, "Who duz evribodi thinkz i iz?"

They wuz liek, "Sum sez John teh Baptist, sum sez Elikhat, sum sez sum othr dead proffet."

"An who duz u say i iz?" he sed.
 Peter wuz liek, "Ceiling Cat's Christ."

Jesus wuz liek "Doant tell enniwun OK."

An he sed, "I haz to put up wif a lot, an get rejekted by teh importnt peeplz, an get killded, an com bak to lief on teh thrd dai."

Den he wuz liek "If u wantz to follo me, u must maek sacrifiesiz an carri ur own cross evri dai.

If u wantz to saev ur lief u wil lose it, but if u lose it for me u wil saev it.

What good duz it do if u get teh whoal world but lose ur own self LOL.

If u is embaerassted bai me, i wil be embaerassted bai u when i comz in mai glori wif all mai anjilz.

Deth haz a flavor, an sum of u wil not taest it befor i comz bak."

Liek ate dais leitr, Jessus wentz up mawnten to prai to Ceiling Cat, wid Peter an John an James.

As he praided, he startd lookin wierd an hiz clothez turnded wite.

An too ppl sed to him, Moses an Elikhat,

an dey sed he shuld leve at Jerusalem.

Peter an teh otter doodz wer tirded, but dey keppt aweik, an dey saw teh amazinness of Jesuss and teh too ppl wit him.

Peter sed to Jesus, "Letz us meik tree boots, wun for all ov u."

An a clowd apered, an dey went in teh clowd an wer scraed.

An Ceiling Cat's voize caim frum teh clowd, an he sed, "Dis iz mai sun, u will lissen too wut he sai."

An wen voice finissed sain, Jesus wuz found aloin. An dey wer kwiet, an didnt tell enniwun.

Neckst dai, wen dey caim daown, lawts uv doods metz them.

An a man sed, "Plz lookz fro mai sun, cuz he be mai onlee sun,

an a speert grabz him, an he screemz, an he shaiks till hez got rabiez, an breakz him into peezez, an wont leavez.

An i assked ur doodz to thro it intu trash, but dey culdnt."

Jesus sed, "U pplz r messed. Bring ur sun heer."

Wen he caim, teh demn shuk him. But Jesus sed "U suk demn. Stoppit." An teh boi gotz betterz, an went bak to hiz dad.

An teh pplz wer al amazzeded bai teh majesty uv Ceiling Cat.

Jebus telz his lolcats, "Tink bowt all dis, cuz I'z beeing pwnd won dae."

But lolcats not unnerstand an DO NOT WANT luk stoopid bai axing.

Den lolcats fite ovr who be l33tist.

An Jebus tuk a widdel kitten

an sez "If u feed cute widdel kitten, u feed me, an if u feed me, u feed Ceiling Cat.  Widdlist kitteh being teh gratist.  Srsly!"

John sez "Boss, we seez d00d trow out debils in yr naem, so we tole him 'STFU n00b, ur not lolcat!'

But Jebus sez "Iz cool, cuz him dat not ginst us be wit us."

So Jebus sez "I'z goan to Jerusalem. Srsly."

An him frnz goed to Samaritan citee to git hotel.

But hotel sez "U'z goan to Jerusalem.  GTFO."

An lolcats James an John sez "We can burnz citee?  Jus liek Elikhat?  LOL!"

But Jebus sez "WTF?  We beez teh gud guyz, u n00bz!"

So dem goed to nother citee wher hotel wuz niesr to dem.

Den der was wannabee lolcat who sez "I goez wherevr u goez, Boss."

An Jebus sez "Mowseez has hoels an birdeez has nestes, but I'z got no hoem."

An him tell nother d00d "Fahlo me." But him sez "Boss, I gots to buri mai dadee firs."

An Jebus sez "WTF? Soembodee ells do dat. U go preech bowt Ceiling Cat."

An nother wannabee sez "Boss, I goed wit u, but gots to sae bai bai firs to mai homeez."

undefined

Den Jebus pikt sevinti moar lolcats an sendz dem ahed ov him evrywer him goed.

An him sez "Der being lotz ov cooki doh but not being enuf cooki bakirz.  Praez to Ceiling Cat fr moar cooki bakirs so der be enuf cookiz fr evrybody.

U be liek mousiez on cat tree.  Srsly!  It be danjrus!

No taeks no muneez.

Wen u goez in howse sae 'Peas being to dis howse.'

But if howse not be peasful, den ur peas goed bak to u.

An stae in dat howse hoel tiem, an not goed diffrnt howses.

An eated wut dem givs u, cuz wrkrs gitz to eated.

An ficks hurted kittehs an tel dem 'Keengdum ov Ceiling Cat iz coemin! LOL'

If citee doan liek u, den GTFO

an kik aff all dem's duhst an sai 'Ceiling Cat goan to pwnz u!'

An him will!  Srsly!  Wors dan him pwnd Sodom! LOL!"

"OH NOES Chorazin!  OH NOES Bethsaida!  U had ur chans an u blu it!  If Tyre an Sidon ben seeing dez mirakles, dem wud hav sed sorri to Ceiling Cat.

So Ceiling Cat goan to pwnz u wors dan Tyre an Sidon!

An Capernaum tinks it graet cittee, but it be pwned.

Him dat heerz mai lolcats heerz me, an him dat flamz u flamz me, and him dat flamz me, flamz him dat sent me."

An sevinti lolcats coems bak all happi and sez "Boss!  Even debils did wat we tel dem! Srsly!"

An Jebus sez "I seed Basement Cat git pwned an fall from Ceiling liek laitnin.

D00dz, I gibs u powr to stepping on snakiez an skorpeunz an not git bited.

But stead of be happi cuz ov dat, be happi dat ur naems iz writtn in Ceiling."

Jebus wuz happi, an sed "Oh hai, Ceiling Cat!  I so glad u haided des fings frm smarteez an showin dem to kittens.

Nobodi noes who Son iz but Faddr, or who Faddr is but Son, and him dat Son tellz bowt him.  Kthnx bai."

Den him tell lolcats "U gotz happi ai'z fr be seeing wut u seed,

cuz kings an profits wanned to see wut u seed.  LOL.  Srsly!"

Den a lawyr d00d ax "Boss, how I gits to liv forevr?"

Jebus ax "Wut duz da r00lz say?"

Lawyr d00d sez "U shd luvz Ceiling Cat wit hart an soal an bodee an brainz, an u shd luvz ur naybor as much as u luvz ur self."

Jebus sez "Dats rite.  Do dat an u liv."

But lawyr d00d ax "But who beez mai naybor?"

Jebus sez "Wons up on a tiem, a d00d goed frm Jerusalem to Jericho.  But OH NOES!  Him get beeted up an robd an stuf, an him almost deded.  Srsly!

Den priest d00d walk by an ignor him.

Den Levite d00d walk by an preten not seez him.

But Samaritan d00d seez him and sez "OMGWTH?!!! Iz u ok?!"

An him helpd hurted d00d an givs him fud

an takz him to vet an promisz to payz vet bill.

So wich won of dez tree wuz naybor to him dat got robd?"

Lawyr d00d sez "Him dat was nies to him."  An Jebus sez "Dats rite.  So do liek dat."

Den Jebus goed to howse of too sistahs namd Martha an Mary.

An Mary sitted an lissend to Jebus teech.

But Martha wuz buzi makin cookiz an cheezburgrs.  An her sez "Jebus, dis hard werk!  Tel Mary coem to kichen an halp me!"

Jebus sez "Martha, chillz! LOL!

undefined

It wus a lil bit tiem goen bai when Jebus wus tawkin to da Ceiling Cat in him prayerz, wun of him folwerz askeded him: teachez us all to prai, like taht John de Bapdiss d00d teaches him follwerz.

Jebus sed to dem: you prayz, sai: Praise Ceiling Cat, who be watchin yu, may him has a cheezburger.

Let us dis day has our dalee cheezburger.

And furgiv us for makin u a cookie, but eateding it, same as we furgiv teh kittehz taht maked us cookiez, but eated tehm.  An leed us not into teh showa, but deliver us from teh wawter.  ( * O ya mabye he also saided "cuz all our base n teh pwnage n teh +1s r belong 2 U 4eva&evah, srlsy kthxbai" n teh L00k skribez wroted taht down but eated it, or mabye teh Maffue skribez maked taht up l8rz n did not eated it, nobdoy noes 4shurz.)

So he sez 2 dem: if u haz fren an u visitz him in teh middle of teh nite and sez 2 him: d00d, i needz sum cookiez

cuz i haz a fren cumming ovr an i don't haz any cookiez to giv him.

An teh frist kitteh sez: Iz sleeping, teh kittnz r sleeping, evrbdi iz sleeping, go wai!  NO COOKIEZ 4 U!!11!!

But fren kitteh keepz scratchn n teh dr and frist kitteh givez fren kitteh teh cookiez 2 make him go wai.

So Iz tell u dis srsly - u wan sumting? u ask. u l00k 4 sumting, u gonna find it.  Scratch n teh dr and it openz 4 u - srsly.

Kittehz ask an getz, kittehz lookz an findz, kittehz scratch n teh dr, it openz.  SRSLY.

Lissen up kittnz: u wantz cookiez 4m ur urths kitteh daddee, duz ur urths kitteh daddee giv u dog f00d? or ifn u wantz tuna, nastee stuffz?

Or ifn u wantz cheezbrgr, duz ur urths kitteh daddee giv u pewpiez?

Srsly - ifn u can givz gud stuffz 2 ur kittnz an u iz jus urths kittehz, donchu tihnk taht Ceiling Cat - himz ur Ceiling Kitteh Daddee - givz u evn bettr cheezbrgrs??

An Jebus trowd owt debil that no cud tawk.  An wonse debil wuz gahn, den dum d00d cud tawk an ppl wuz liek "WTF?!"

But sum ppl sez "Jebus is rly Boss Debil!  Dat how u trow owt debils!

So if u not rly debil, den proov it wit sain frm Ceiling LOL!"

But Jebus seed der thowts, an sez "Cuhntri dat fiet Cibil War gitz pwnd, an divideded howse no can stand.

Wai wud Basement Cat hurt himz own debils?

Dat be stoopid!

Ceiling Cat gib me powr to trow owt debils.

Wen big strawng kitteh gard de howse, himz cheezburgrs no git stealded.

But wen bigr strawngr kitteh shoh up an pwnz him, den cheezburgrs git stealded.

If u iz not mai kitteh frind u iz mai kitteh enamee, n if u iz not heppin me u iz makin mai stufz hardr. Srsly."

"When da nottee spiritz n da crazee spiritz leev da kitteh, the nottees be wantin foodz and napz. If da nottees cant find anee outside, da nottees be chekin bak wit da kitteh dey came from.

But when da nottees chek wit da kitteh, da kitteh alredy thru owt its stufz. Lol!

Den the nottees goz and findz 7 mor nottees eben notteeer than him, and dey all move in wit de kitteh and makes de kitteh crazee. :( "

Jebus wuz tokkin, but a womun yelld anyway, she sed, "hooray for yo mommeez tummeh, and for de boobeez u sukd!: (weerd)

But Jebus he sed, "hooray instd for kittehs dat lissun to ceiling cat!"

Den it startd getting more crowdd, and he sed, "this litter be a bad wun. Lookin for de sines all de time. It not be gettin wun, unless u cownt de Jonah sine.

Cuz jonah he wuz a sine to de ninuvah kittehs, just lik i be to dis litter.

Da kween frum oveh der will come and scold de kittehs of dis litter. She thot she wud be heerin solomon tok, but turnz owt iz better!!!1!

De ninuvah kittehs scold de kittehs of dis litter 2. they lernd theyr lessun from Jonah and will getz pai.

When u kittehs catch a mowsy, u putz it wher it will be foundz, lik in humanz shoo, so evry1 can see.

It iz gud 2 b seein pretteh, gud thingz. Gud thingz make kittehs lite up. It iz bad 2 b seein dark n nastee thingz. Makes kitteh dark n grumpee. Srsly.

So be a gud kitteh. Lite kitteh, not darkz.

Cuz if a kitteh iz all gud it will lite up. Prty!"

Sum farisee inturuptd Jebus agin and axd him oveh 4 d kibbulz.

De farisee wundrd y Jebus not kleen hiz whiskrz b4 eatin.

Jebus sed, "u farisees be silleh kittehs. srsly. Y u kleen outzide but r all stinkee inzide?

Stoopid kittehs. Ceiling cat made ur outzide and inzide 2.

If u b gud n kleen in ur inzidez, u b gud n kleen all over. Rly!

But i be scoldin u, farisee! Ur 2 stinjee wid ur kibbulz and never givez cuddlez. Bad kittehs. Srsly.

Scold u agin, fariseez! U alwayz be takin de top purch on da kitteh condo. Never b sharin wid de other kittehs.

U b like a coffd up hayrball dat udderz step in and go ick."

Den da lawyer kittehz start gettin uffendd. "Jebus, u hurtz owr feelingz!" dey sed.

Jebus sed 2 dem, "Ur bad kittehs 2! Srsly! U make udder kittehz problums worse, not bettrs.

Scold u, kittehz. Ur daddeez wer meen 2.

N u b taken afteh bad daddeez instd of gud ceiling cat dadee."

Ceiling cat sed, n he wuz rite, ‘I will send dem the smrt kittehs, but de bad kittehs will prbly b meen to dem.'

Dis litter of kittehs mite have to kleen up deh bad daddeez messez. Meen kittehz r meen. Srsly.

Yep. I tink so.

Bad lawyur kittehz 4 keepin udder kittehz down."

Jebus tride to leev deh meen kittehz, but they wud not leev him alone.

undefined

Saem tiem, der waz zillions of kittehs all crowdeded togevr an walkn on top ov each uddr, den Jebus sez "O hai!  L00k out fr de Farisees, cuz dey r liek totl p0zrs LOL!  Srsly!

Cuz nuthink stayz secrt or in haidee plase.

So u say secrt n dark? It git tole in sunny spot; u whispr n soembodeez ear in closit? It shoh up on Google."

"I sez doan be scairdeded of dem that maeks u ded an dats all.

U shd be scairdeded of him dat maeks u ded an den pwnz ur soel.  Srsly d00dz, him rl scairey!

Birdeez iz cheep, an stil Ceiling Cat remembrs dem all.

Ceiling Cat iz n ur fur, numberen yr haers! So no be scairdeded, cuz u be moar spensive dan birdeez. LOL!"

"I sez, U talk bowt Jebus to ppl, Jebus talk bowt u 2 Ceiling Cat's anjels.  Srsly!

But u sez 'Jebus who?' den I tell Ceiling Cat's anjels 'Who him?'

An him dat flame Jebus git forgiben, but him dat flame Hovr Cat git lieftiem ban.

An when u git arrestd an go 2 cort, doan git no lawyr or tink bowt ur storey

cuz Hovr Cat tell u rite den what 2 say. LOL! Srsly!"

Den soembodee saided "Boss Cat, tell mai bruvver him spose to share teh heritens wit me!"

Jebus saided "Woah d00d, dats not mai job!"

Tehn he saided "Doan caer so much bowt stuf, cuz lief iz moar tahn stuf."

Den he saided "1sup0n8iem a rihc d00d got maekd zillions of c00kiez.

N he wuz all liek 'WTF?! Wherz I'm'a put all mah nu c00kiez?'

Den he sez 'Aino! I sel all mai litel cookijarz on eBae and get bigr cookijarz on eBae 2!

An den Ill be all liek "WOOHOO d00dz! PARTAYY! w00t!"'

But tehn Ceiling Cat sez 2 him 'St00pid n00b!  2nitez sum1 sez "I haz ur lief nao LOLz!!1! pwn3d" n tehn hu wil haz all ur c00kiez?'

Tihs wut happnz 2 n00bz hu eatedz all teh c00kiez tehy maekd n duznt giv ne 2 Ceiling Cat."

Jebus sez 2 lolcats "No be scairded abowt lief an fud, or bowt yr body an fur"

Cuz lief iz more den fud (Him sai dat, srsly!) an body moar den fur.

Lookit birdeez: day no maek fudz; day no haz no cookie jar, but Ceiling Cat gifs dem fudz.  An u is moar speshul dan birdeez!

U can liv longr bai be scairded? Doan be stoopid, ov coarse not!

If even littel fings r hard too cntrl-alt-delete, wai be scairded abowt deh udder stuffs?"

"See purteh flowehs grow.  Deh not wurk or maek clofs. But not even Solomon (him be vry vry rich d00d, srsly) wen he be drssed up all fancee, he no luk as purteh as floweh.

If Ceiling Cat makes purteh stoopid plantz dat groes todai an getz burnt all up tomorrow, doan u finks he taekz caer ov u lolcats?"

"D00dz, no look for fud an water, an no be scairded no more.

Evry kitteh look fr dem fings, an ur Daddie not stoopid, cuz he noez u needz dem.

Nsted, look fr teh Ceiling, an u git all dez udder fings to."

"No be scairded, d00dz, cuz yr Daddie da Ceiling Cat iz happy to gif u Ceiling

Sell yur cheezburgers an gif 2 poor kittehs who no has cheezburgrs.  Makz cheezburgrs up in Ceiling dat  nevr git eated or steelded or stinky yuky pooey.

Cuz wer yur cheezburgrs iz, dat wer yur hart iz."

"Doan be nekkid an n de dark.

Wahch 4 Boss Kitteh, so wen him gits hoem aftr weddng, u be redi let him in.

If him git hoem and seez dat u wer wahchng, him giv u cheezburgrs. Srsly!

Speshly if it be at naptiem, an u stil wahchng sted ov napen, Boss Kitteh rly liek u den."

"If u no wen cheezburglr coem, den ur cheezburgrs not git steelded.

Dat meenz u shd luk 4 Jebus all de tiem an be redi 4 him shoh up."

Peter ax, "Jebus, wtf? R u talking to lolcats or to all ppl?"

Jebus sed, "Boss cat givz deputeh kitteh cheezburgrs 2 shaer wit evrybody and goed away.

"If him coem hoem an seed deputeh kitteh dun gud job, him rly happi.

Den him sai 'DEPUTEH KITTEH GETS ALL MAH CHEEZBURGERS!'"

"But if deputeh kitteh sez 'Boss cat not heer, me eat all his cheezburgerz an not shaer,' and eated them, and then kitteh rollz all in catnip,

"Boss cat goes 'SURPRIZ!!!!! IZ HOEM EARLY!!!! BAD KITTEH!!!!!11!! U GIT SKWRT BOTTEL!!!!'"

"Teh kitteh who noes not to eated all cheezburgerz and eated all cheezburgers git sprayd lots an lots wit skwrt bottel. Srsly!

Kitteh who not noes not to eated all cheezburgers and eated all cheezburgers gits sprayd littel bit wit skwrt bottel. Kitteh who gots many cheezburgerz, gets axed lots, an from kitteh who gots much trusted, much more axed too, lol."

"I likez me sum firez on da urf,

An Ima gettin impayshunt ta bringz dis firez!

U tink me coem 2 maek Peas on urf?  WRONG!!!!1!! LOL!!!!! Me maek evrybody fiet!

If der 5 kittehs n 1 howse, den 3 fiet wit 2.

Daddi fiet wit son an mommi fiet wit dawtr an evrybody fiet wit evrybody."

"Wen u see hoomin gits nekkid, u sez 'OH NOES!!!! Showr tiem!!!! Run awae!!!1'

An wen u see sunni spot, u sez 'w00t!  NAPTIEM!  YAY!'

P0zRz!!!1!! Wai u not seez wat happnz dis tiem?"

"WTF, doan u evn no wat 2 do?

Wen ur enemi takz u to cort, tri 2 settel owt ov cort, or u gettin thron into teh jael!

undefined

Soem kittehs sez "OMG, Jebus.  U heer bout Galileans?  Dey gotz pwned bai Pilate! (Him was liek Prezident or sumthink.)  HIM BURND DEY BLUDD!!!!!!111!!!!!11  SRSLY!!!!!"

Jebus sez, "U tinks dem wuz bad kittehs cuz dem git pwned?

No, dem gud kittehs.  But u git pwned 2 if u not be gud kittehs.

Member dem kittehs dat gotz skwished by Silo'am towr?  Wuz dey bad kittehs?

No, dem gud kittehs.  But u git pwned 2 if u not be gud kittehs.

Den Jebus sez, "Onse up on a tiem, a kitteh haz a fud boel, but evry tiem him goez 2 luk, boel is emtee! Srsly!

Him wuz liek 'Dis suxs! I trowz dis boel awae!'

But him frnd sez 'D00d, sted ov trowz boel awae, u shudz maek it be littrbocks!  LOL!

Dat teech bad boel a lesin, an maybee den it haz fud necks tiem u luk.'"

Den Jebus be teechng n sinagog on Caturday.

An him seez hurted kitteh.  Her wuz all brokn an  no cud walked fr ayteen yrs!  Srsly!

An Jebus sez "O hai, uz all bettr now kthnxbai!"

An her sez "Yay Ceiling Cat!"

Endignent cat wuz endignent.  Him sez "Is not spose to werk on Caturday! Dat meen no fix hurted kittehs on Caturday!"

An Jebus sez "U p0zr!  Doan u taek caer ur moos an chikns on Caturday?  So wai not dis kitteh dawtr ov Abrahamsammich who bin hurted by Basement Cat fr eyteen yrs git fixted on Caturday?"

undefined

Sew den Jebus's enemiz wuz ashamd, but evrybodee ellse wuz happi an sez "Woohoo!  Ceiling Cat iz teh r0krz!!!!!11!!!1"

Jebus sez "Oh hai!  Wut iz teh Ceiling liek?  I tellz u.

It beeing liek a widdel biddi seed dat growd up to beeing big tree wit lotz ov birdeez."

Den Jebus sez again 'Wut iz teh Ceiling liek?  I tellz u.

It beeing liek yeest dat hummin micks wit lots of doh, til it git maked into bred."  (Yeest being wut maeks bred sof an fluffi liek pillo sted of flatt an hard liek crakr.)

An Jebus travld to Jerusalem an teecheded on teh wae.

An sumwon sez "Boss, who iz to beeing saeved?"

An Jebus sez "U be going n skinni catdor.  Cuz wen it rainz, evrybody wants coem insied, but no can.  An den hummin lok catdor an all kittehs meow an scrach an sai 'OMGWTF?!!!! HALP!!!!' An hummin sez 'Go wae! U not mai kittehs!'

undefined

An kittehs sai 'But u feeded us!  We be ur kittehs now!  HALP!'

But hummin sez 'U bad kittehs!  Go wae!  Me not no u.'

Teh kittehs yowl an hiss an cri wen evrybodi but dem all insied an warm an kittehs being owtsied.

An evrybodi coem frm evrywer to go insied but no bad kittehs.

An last kitteh git go furst an furst kitteh go last. Srsly."

Den Fariseez sez "GTFO, or Herod will liek ttly pwnz0rz u! Srsly!"  (Herod wuz liek prezident or soemthink too, liek Pilate.  So der wuz sevrl prezidentz n Bibel timz.  Srsly!)

But Jebus not being scairded.  Him sez "Tel dat n00b dat I pwnz debils todae an I fixted hurted kittehs tomorow an day tree I be teh l33t haXorz!!!!

undefined

OK so 1 caturday Jebus waz tasting flavorz with a fairsee and peepul waz watchin Jebus close.

den diz man with huge paws n feet came to Jebus.

Jebus waz liek "hay fairsees I can heal on caturday?"

fairsees sed nothing.  Jebuz heeled him.

Den Jebus waz liek "ok guys srsly.  if u had a lolcat dat fell into well on caturday, u wud save dem."

but de fairsees was liek afk.

Jebus waz lookin at gests an haow dey all chooz good placez.  he waz liek

"wtf guyz.  wen u gets invited, u no sit down in important spotz.  maybe someone more important comingz.

An den ur host wud be liek 'hey nub move' An u wud be in lowest spot LOL.

dat iz y u sit in lowest spot so host iz liek 'd00d come sit up heer.  den u can haz honor.

4 if u iz makin u self haz gr8ness den u be humbled, but if u iz humble den u can haz gr8ness."

den Jebus waz liek "ok guyz, also wen u haz a feest, invitez de poor lolcats stuck in printerz n stuff, not de rich catz.

rich catz invitez u bak, but if u invitez de crippled lolcatz

u r blessd srsly n I repay u l8r.

So one of de frends o jebus wuz liek "omg we so happy wen we get cheezburgers in Kingdom of Ceiling Cat"

Jebus was liek "ok guys lissen.  wun tiem a great lolcat gave grate feest, an told all hiz friendz bout de grate flavorz at de feest.

wen it was tiem for de feest, he waz liek 'servantz, tell friendz tiem for flavor!'

but de friendz waz liek 'um.. gtg sry'

an anudder frend waz liek '/afk'

an even anudder friend waz liek 'has wifez - DO NOT WANT.'

den de servent waz liek 'mastur, no lolcatz comingz.' so master was liek 'srsly' and survant waz liek 'srsly.'  So mastur was liek 'ok go finds poor lolcats stuk in printerz and bucketz and bring dem.'

so de survant did, but he caem bak and waz liek 'mastur dare iz still roomz, cum onz.'

master was liek 'ok go out to da roads an de lolcats drivin carz and be liek hey nubz come get dinners, it haz a flavor.

but all deze guyz i invitedz no can taste my flavorz.'"

One time big groop of lolcatz waz with de Jebus.  He waz liek

"OK guyz, srsly, u cannot be with me if u givez more cheezburgerz 2 ur fambilee than me.

and if u no carriez ur crozz n stuff den u r no my lolcat.

If u iz liek gonna make cheezburger, maek sure u haz a money b4 u start.

If u no haz a money, den u no can put cheez on after u getz bun, and all lolcats will lol.

'ROFL nub u haz bun but no cheez' dey will sez.

n if liek a king haz 10000 lolcatz but another king haz liek 20000 lolcats, he haz to think if he iz strong enuff b4 fite.

if no strong enuf 4 fite den he send lolcats and lolcats iz liek 'u can haz cheezburgers sur'

Dat iz de way u can b my dissipul.  give all u haz." said Jebus.

ok so liek salt haz flavor, but if de salt losez flavorz, den no wai to bring back de flavorz.

undefined

Den all IRS d00dz an bad kittehs coem to hear Jebus.

An Fariseez sez "LOL Jebus etz wit bad kittehs!  Him sux!'

Jebus sez, "WTF?

If lolcat had hundrd sheeps an won gits losted, doan him leev naintee nain sheeps an go luk fr losted won?

Den him find it an iz liek 'w00t!'

An dem him coem hoem, trow partee cuz him finded losted sheep.  Srsly!

Ceiling Cat moar happi wen a bad kitteh being maed lolcat den bowt naintee nain gud kittehs."

"Or if lolcat haz ten muneez an losted won, doan her luk all ovr an up on hai shalf an undr sofa and evrywher til her finded it?

Den she trow partee wit all her frndz and sez 'w00t!  I finded mai losted muneez!'

Ceiling Cat liek dat wen won bad kitteh being maed lolcat."

Jebus telled them: "Dis naiz hooman had two kittehs, big kitteh and little kitteh.

Little kitteh says "i can haz cheezeburger?". So da hooman gives little kitteh cheezburgr.

Little kitteh goes out and lookz for gal kittehs and does lots of buttsecks.

But den therez no foodz anywheres and little kitteh want foodz.

So little kitteh goed to fish shop and sayed "i can haz fishes?"

But no hooman luvd little kitteh.

But little kitteh thinked "mai hooman haz foodz and luvs kittehs.

I goes home and getz foodz and warm bed.

I can getz cheezburgr."

So little kitteh goed home and his hooman hugged little kitteh.

Little kitteh sayed "can i haz cheezburger nao?"

His hooman sayed to his Mexican maidz "get naiz warm bed redi for little kitteh nao.

Get cheezburgr too.

My kitteh goed away and needz foodz and bedz.

Big kitteh was playing outside and smells cheezbugr.

Big kitteh askd maidz why smell cheezbugr nao.

Maidz sayd little kitteh comes home nao and eatz foodz.

Big kitteh sitted looking away from hooman and wagged tail. Kitteh don't want talk to hooman nao.

But Big kitteh sayd "i cant haz cheezburgr and i cant haz buttsecks, i hatez yu.

But you luv little kitteh and he can haz cheezburgr."

"Big kitteh", the hooman said, "yu iz old.

undefined

Jebus told his lolcats, "There was a rich kitteh whose manager was said to have wasted his cheezburgerz.

So he went to teh manager and wuz lyke, "WTF? Give account of management cuz u FIRED lolz.

The manager sayd to himself, "Oh noez! Wut I do now? Me is weak so can't dig hole, and me no dog so me can't beg...

..O wait I can do stuff so peepl still lyke meh."

So teh manager called the one of peepz who owed the rich kitteh cheezburgerz. He was lyke. "How many cheezburgerz u owe teh rich kitteh?"

Kitteh numbah one said, "Eight-hundred cheezburgerz." Teh manager was lyke, "OMG that's too many! I say u owe him 400 cheezburgers k?" And kitteh numbah one couldn't argue bcuz if he did he would get h4x0rd LOL.

Den he ask kitteh numbah 2 da same queshtun. He are said, "The numbah of cheezburgerz I owe him is OVER 9000!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!" And the manager was lyke, "ORLY?" And kitteh numbah 2 was lyke "YARLY!" So teh manager said, "Well now you only owe him 800 cheezburgerz k?"

Teh manager pwn3d teh rich kitteh cuz teh rich kitteh was meen. Teh kittehs of da wurld are meen to others of da wurld and not teh holy kittehs. "I wuldn't be meen to holy kettehs either, dey might smite meh!)

So lyke, use ur cheezburgerz to getz u sum frendz, so when ur cheezburgerz get eated, you still gotz teh friends, k?

If you be trusted with kid-sized cheezburger, you be trusted with supahsized cheezburger. But if you no trusted with kid-sized cheezburger, you no trusted with nuttin LOL.

So if you can't be trusted with ur suff, you can't be trusted with other stuff.

And vice versa.

No cat can be in 2 ceilings. Either he hate one and luff teh other, or vice versa. You can't serve both Ceiling Cat and teh cheezburgerz. It one or other, not both, k?

Teh Faraseez luvs cheezburgerz, so dey hissed at Jebus when he sayd dis.

Jebus was lyke, "STFU n00bs! Teh other kittehs think u good, but Ceiling Cat knows the true ingreediants of ur cheezburgers. If erth kittehs lyke it, Ceiling cat don't.

Der used 2 b lots of roolz abowt wut ur not suppozd 2b doin. Now dat i be heer, we don’t be focussin on dat stuff so much.

Eben so, dey r still bein gud roolz. Dey came frum de Ceiling Cat for a reezun, srsly.

Here b 1 exampul: if u have a ladee kitteh bak at home, u btr not b leevin her for sum other kitteh, u no? So not kewl.

I will tell u a storee. Wonz upon a taim der wuz a rich kitteh hoo had minee cheezburgrs.

But anudder kitteh hoo livd neer him (udder kitteh wuz calld Lazarus) had itcheez all ovr,

n he wuz hungree 2 and had no kibbulz of his own; and nastee doggeez were alwayz comin and licken him. Srsly.

But den Lazarus kitteh dyd and went to kitteh hevun wit de anjel kittehs and Abraham kitteh! Srsly! Oh, n rich kitteh dyd 2.

Ded rich kitteh did not go with anjels, tho, he went to de bad plase insted. He cud see Abraham kitteh and Lazarus kitteh far awaee, laffin n lookin happee n stuff.

Ded rich kitteh yelld, “Hey, uz guyz, srsly, cud Lazarus come bring me sum nip and kibbulz 2? I be sad kitteh down heer in dis heet.”

But Abraham kitteh say, “Excuz me, WTF? U spent ur erth time havin gud thingz and not sharin wid Lazarus. Tings sure b diffrent now, huh? Don’t liek it so much now, huh?

Anywayz, even if i wantd 2 i cudnt hep u. Duznt work dat way, sry!"

Den ded rich kitteh sed, “Mayb u go visit my erth famalee den, and give dem warningz?

I got 5 bruders hoo still b on erth. Dey don’t want 2 burn, srsly."

But Abraham kitteh say, "Dey got a copee of de rulz from Moses kitteh and Ceiling Cat alrdy, just liek evrybdy else!”

Ded rich kitteh thot a warning from a gost kitteh mite do da trik, tho.

undefined

And Jebus sed to his lolcats, “U will have lots of temtashuns to be nottee n make invisibul errors, but u shudnt b taken uther kittehs down wit u.

If ur a bad influenz on deh littul kittnz hoo dont b noin bettur, u will b n big, BIG trubul, mistur! Srsly.

If u no a nottee kitteh hoo sayz he be sorree, u shud b giffin him kisses n makin up.

Even if de nottee kitteh steelz ur nip seven timz in wun day but keepz giffin it bak and sayin sorree, u shud still be giffin him kisses."

Den de lolcats sed, “Jebus, we r still confyusd! sho us how ta git mor fayth, k?” 


Jebus sed, “If u kittehs be havin even a tinee kibbul of fayth, u can be growin a hole kibbul tree and tellin it wher ta stand!

Haipothetikal kwestshun: if u had a hyred kitteh hooz job it wuz to be doin ur workingz, u expect him to b doin the workinz he wuz hyred for, rite?

Hyred kitteh getz deh kibbulz after he is dun working, not before.

In udder wurdz, if he duz ur workingz, then hez just duin what hez suppozd ta do, not anyfing supurr speshul.

U kittehs r like Ceiling Cat’s hyred workingz kittehs. He expeks u ta b doin workz for him, becuz thatz what u wuz hyred to do!”

Jebus wuz walkin to Jeroosalum wit his lolcats, and dey were sumwhere round Samareea and Galilee.

As deh Jebus and deh lolcats wuz walkin, 10 itchee grose kittehs came. (Dey was calld lepurrs becuz dey had lepurrsee.) But dey didn’t get 2 close to deh lolcats bc dey noo dey were sik.

Deh lepurr kittehs said, “Jebus, hep r itcheez pleez?”

Jebus saw dem, and sed “Hai! I maded u all bettur now! Go show da vet, k?” And deh lepurr kittehs felt bettur!

Wun of deh was-lepurr-now-bettur kittehs did not go strate to deh vet, but insted went 2 Jebus.

Dat kitteh rold over and showd Jebus his tummeh, and sed “Tank u!” Dis kitteh was a Samaritun kitteh.

Den Jebus sed to hem, “I thot I heeld ten of u lepurr kittehs. Ten minus wun is nien, no?

So how come der only b dis Sarmaritun kitteh tankin me?”

And 2 da tankful kitteh, Jebus sed, “Go play wid ur toyz now, and ly in da sun. Ur fayth made u bettur!”

Farisee kittehs alwayz be tryin 2 trik Jebus wid hard kwestshuns. Dey askd Jebus when Ceiling Cat will come and set up his kitteh kingdum? Jebus sed, “U farisee kittehs r tinkin 2 hard bout dis.

U shld be tinkin bout how to surv Ceiling Cat now, not all dis stuff in da fyutchur.”

N Jebus told his lolcats, “Sometime n da fyutchur u will be hopin itz Ceiling Cat Kingdom Tiem, but it wont b yet.

Udder kittehs will say, “Look! Over dere! Ceiling Cat Kingdom!” But don’t let dem get ur tayl all fluffee. Srsly.

Wen itz Ceiling Cat Kingdom Tiem, u will no for shur, srsly. It will b big and brite, like when humanz tern da lite on in da middul of de niet.

But bfor all dat comz, I have 2 go tru sum bad stuffz ferst. :(

Lolcats, remembur Noah kitteh? (He bilded the ark and ‘scaped the flud, k?)

undefined

Remembur Lot kitteh 2? (He scaped Sodum and Gemoruh’s destrukshun, k?) Deh kittehs he noo wuznt payin attenshun to Ceiling Cat eethur.

N then wun day WHOOSH! FIER BALL! N all the stoopid kittehs wer liek, 'WTF!' n dide. Srsly.

Wen it b Ceiling Cat Kingdom Tiem, it will b kinda like dat 2.

Wen it b Ceiling Cat Kingdom Tiem, don’t b tryin 2 pak up all ur toyz and stuff. Dat b silleeness.

Remembur Lot’s ladee kitteh? (She lookd bak at da burning sittees and turnd 2 salt, k?) When Ceiling Cat Kingdom Tiem cumz, its tiem 4 movin forward, not bak. Srsly.

Deh kittehs hoo tri to gane life will loos it, but deh kittehs hoo loos der liefs will preserv it. Ironik, u see?

Wen it b Ceiling Cat Kingdom Tiem, 2 kittehs will b sleepin in deh kitteh condo; wun wiil go wit Ceiling Cat and wun will not.

2 kittehs will b skratchin on deh skratchin post; wun will go wit Ceiling Cat and wun will be left.

undefined

Wen Jebus wuz alone wit his Lolcats, he sed, “We r headin to Jeroosalem, Lolcats, and deh tings dat deh profet kittehs rote will be comin troo.

Remembur, dey sed dat I will b giffin over to deh bad guyz, and dey will teez me n hurt me n even kill me.

And n dat same town der wuz a wihdo kitteh (her huzbun-kitteh wuz ded n she wuz alown). Wihdo kitteh kep askin deh offishul for hep, meown, meown, meown.

Offishul kitteh wuz meen n wud not hep wihdo kitteh, even tho it wuz his job! Not kewl. But finaleee he sed, 'I duznt care bout Ceiling Cat or deh udder kittehs, srsly,

but dis wihdo kitteh will not stop meown until I hep her, so I will hep her 2 make her shut up.'

And Ceiling Cat sed, 'U kittehs heer wat dis meen offishul kitteh sed?

Do u tink Ceiling Cat will not also heer his kittehs hoo prayz to him all deh timez? Ceiling Cat will not ignore deh meowz of his kittehs. Srsly.

Ceiling Cat will hep dem, n rite away 2. He wunderz, wen it be Ceiling Cat Kingdom Time, tho, will his kittehs b fatheful 2 him?'"

Jebus told dis storee speshulee 2 de kittehs dat tink theyr bettur dan deh udder kittehs.

2 kittehs went 2 deh plase where theh do deh best prayinz. One wuz a farisee kitteh and deh udder wuz a taks kitteh, for deh IRS or sumpin.

Farisee kitteh wuz prayin all stuk-up and arrogant, purrin bout hisself. “Tank Ceiling Cat dat I am a betteh kitteh dan all deh udders—-theevin kittehs, sinnin kittehs, cheatin kittehs—-or lyk dis taks kitteh heer.

I catch micez twys a week and giv my xtra kibbulz 2 deh chrch, srsly, kthx.

But deh taks kitteh, he wuz off bai himself. Hiz tayl wuz down, n he wuz not purrin. “Ceiling Cat, forgiv mai nottees, plz?” he sed.

Jebus sed 2 deh lolcats, ‘dis taks kitteh, not the farisee kitteh, made Ceiling Cat purr. Prowd kittehs will get lokd in deh closet, but humbul kittehs will get 2 lai in deh sun.”

All deh kittehs wer carryin der kittnz 2 Jebus, so he cuhd be kissin on dem n stufz. Wen deh Lolcats seed it, dey wuz all angree n grumpee.

But Jebus wuznt angree. He sed, "Let the lolkittnz come 2 me, cuz dey r close 2 Ceiling Cat’s hart.

Srsly, Lolcats, u shld be meown to Ceiling Cat wid deh hart of a lolkittn."

A fansee pyoorbred kitteh askd Jebus, “Gud teechr kitteh, how can I b livin wid Ceiling Cat when I die?”

Jebus sed, “Wai r u callin me gud?” (Trik kwestshun?) “Onlee Ceiling Cat iz trulee gud.

U no the rulz, anyhow. ‘Dont be cheatin, dont be killin, dont be steelin, dont be lyin, n do be lovin ur mommeh and daddeh.’”

Pyoorbred kitteh wuz all, “I do all thoz tings, all deh time! Srsly!”

Jebus sed, “Wun more ting den. Give all ur toyz n ur blankeez  n ur nip n ur kibbulz 2 deh allee kittehs. Den u come be wun of my Lolcats.”

Dis ansur did not make Pyroorbred kitten purr, becuz he luvd all his fansee stufz and wanted it for hisself. Srsly.

Jebus sed, "Sai. Itz so hard for deh Pyoorbred kittehs to get 2 Ceiling Cat Kingdom.

I tink it be eezier for a Germun Shepurd doggeh to fit thru deh kitteh dore.”

Den all deh kittehs arownd sed, “How can a kitteh possiblee get in 2 Ceiling Cat Kingdom, den?”

Jebus sed, “No wurreez, kittehs cant do it, but Ceiling Cat can do anyting. Srsly.”

Deh Lolcat Peetur sed, “We left owr wifies n owr humanz n owr howzes 2 follo u!”

N Jebus tode him, “Srsly. For troo. All deh kittehs hoo left der wifies or der humanz or der howzes for Ceiling Cat, he will be takun gud care of dem on erth n in kitteh hevun 2. No wurreez.”

undefined

undefined

undefined

But after 3 dayz I will be comin bak, k? Srsly.”

Deh Lolcatz were still confoozd, tho. Dey wuznt 2 kwik sumtimz. :(

Jebus n his Lolcats wuz neer Jeriko n a blind allee kitteh wuz diggin’ in de trash 4 sum foodz.

He cudnt see what wuz goin on, but he herd a lot of noyz. He askd de seein kittehs, “Wtf?”

Dey sed, “Itz Jebus walkn by, kthx!”

Den blind allee kitteh den meowd, “Jebus, plz hep me!”

Sum kitteez hoo wuz in deh Jebus parade tode allee kitteh to shut up. But allee kitteh onlee meowd lowder, “Jebus, have mersee!!!1!”

undefined

Jebus goed to Jericho.

An der wuz dis rich IRS d00d Zaccheus who want see Jebus

but him too short to see cuz of all da crowdz!  LOL

Him smrt d00d an clim up tree.

Den Jebus luk up in tree an sez "Oh hai!  Git down, cuz I crash at ur plaes toniet."

An Zaccheus wuz happi.

But ppl sez "WTF? Him bad kitteh!  Wai Jebus stay wit him?"

But Zaccheus sez "I be gud kitteh frm now on an gif bak all teh cheezburgrs I stealded.  Timz foar!"

An Jebus sez "Yay! U be savd now!

Datz wut I heer to do!"

When ppl herd dis all dey thot Ceiling Cat wuz come dere nao, but Jebus told dem a story:

Jebus sed "a Fancy Cat goez to a far place to get a kingdom and go back.

Fancy cat calls ten of hiz kittehs and givez dem ten noms. He saiz "use dez noms until I iz back."

But some of the kittehs waz haterz and said "we don't wantz Fancy Cat to be kingz".

Whenz Fancy Cat got back, he called for hiz kittehs with his noms and asked how many more noms they had gotz.

Teh first kitteh came and sayz "you givez me one nom but now i gotz ten."

Fancy cat says "awesome job kitteh. since youz got so many noms now you getz ten cities."

The second kitteh comes and sayz "you gives me one nom and now i gotz 5"

Fancy cat says "you getz five cities then."

Another kitteh comez and says "here is your nomz, i is scared of youz

so i hidez the nom to keep it safes. You iz taking the noms what is not yourz."

So Fancy Cat says "you iz a baaaad kitteh. You knowz i iz a scary cat coz i take the noms which is not mine.

Whyz did you not put the noms in a bank so when i returnz i getz more noms?

Fancy cat says "give this baaaad kitteh's noms to the kitteh with ten noms."

But theyz is confused sand sayz "but he haz ten noms already!

Fancy cat says "I sayz that all the kittehs what haz noms will get more noms but dem kittehs who haz no noms will have all his noms taken away."

"As for the haterz who don't wantz me as king kitteh, bringz dem here and letz me see dem killed."

When Happy Cat haz finished talkingz, he goez on to Jerusalem.

When Happy Cat getz close to Bethphage and Bethany, which arez close to the place which the kittehs call the Mount of Olivez, he sayz to two of his kittehs:

"go youz to dat village and youz will find a colt and bringz it here."

"if any kittehs askz why youz must be telling them "the Master Cat iz needing it."

the kittehs went to dat village and findz da colt just like Happy Cat is telling dem.

but the kitteh who is owning the colt says "why iz you taking it?"

so the kittehs say "cos da Master Cat iz needing it."

They iz taking the colt to Happy Cat and iz helping him on to it.

As theyz is moving on, the kittehs iz coming out and puding themz cloaks on da ground.

As Happy Cat and his kittehs get near the Mount of Olivez, all the kittehs woz happy and woz giving da praise to Ceiling Cat for all the awesomeness their eyez had beholded.

Theyz iz saying: 
"Many noms to da King who comez
In da name of Ceiling Cat.
Happiness in the Ceiling
And much noms in the highest ceilings."

Temple d00dz sez "Happy Cat, taek theyz cheezburgers srsly."

Happy Cat sez "If they duznt tak, rokz will. Srsly."

Happy Cat seez Jerusalem, an he cryz.

and sez "you knowd pease, but you loozed it.

Bad pplz com an bild big wal.

An kil yu to. An youz kittehs. Al bcuz you no seed Ceiling Cat showed up.

Den he goed to tempul an bieted the peepul sellin stuffs, maekn dem leev.

"Is ritten," he sez, "'Iz pwnd yoos in Buk of Matthew, Iz pwnd yoos in Buk of Mark, an if yoos do it n Buk of John Iz pwn u agin, bad kittehs!'"

Den evrydai Happy Cat teechz at tempul an Cheef kittehs want to kil hem fur pwnin dem in three Buks nao,

undefined

undefined

undefined

undefined

undefined

undefined

undefined

undefined

undefined

undefined

undefined

undefined

undefined

undefined

undefined

undefined

undefined

undefined

undefined

undefined

undefined

undefined

undefined

Jebus watched teh church fridg an he sawz fat kittehs throwed in bigg cookiez.

Den a poar skinneh kitteh throwed in rly tinie cookie.

Jebus wuz liek "Dis tinie cookie iz moar tasti den bigg cookiez. srsly." Teh fat kittehs wuz liek "No wai!"

But Jebus wuz all "Wai! Yuz hav lotz for eated. But she haz only tinie cookie an she no eated it!!!"

Jebus eated all teh cookiez an waz liek

"Dere will be daiz wif NO cookiez!!"

An deh fat kittehs wuz all "Oh noes! When will dis happenz? Liek rite now?"

But Jebus wuz liek "Nah. Not yetz. But dere will be peeps dat sez 'We can haz apocatlypse?' an yuz shud no followz dem. Cuz deys r jus impersoninatin meh."

Wen u haer of liek kitteh fite an stufz, dont be scardy kitteh, for dis stufz must happen 1st an it wont be de end fur de kitteh."

Den he sayd to dem " kitteh will fite against kitteh, kitteh house against kitteh house, kitteh bruva aginst kitteh bruva. will be no gud, buh dun be scardeh kitteh."

Den Jebus teh Happy Cat sed "dere will be bad tiemz wen der is no cookyz, naut even tiny wunz, and no cheezburgaz."

Jebus sayed "buh befoh dis happins, sum bad peeps will come and traiz to eatchoo, fur dey finks dat teh followerkittehz of happycat is gud fur nomz. dey bring u 2 graet houses of teh kingz, and dey will sai 'dese kittehs r fail cuz deys is bff wiv Jebus'"

"dis meenz dat dey want to maek joo An Witness to teh uber win that iz meh, Jebus, Teh Happy Cat."

"buh dun wurrieez."

"cuz i will tell yuu wordz of pwn and epik, and joo shall pwn tehm."

"u will be btryed by frendz an famileh, sum of u may die

evry kitteh will hates u becuz of meh

but iz will try to protekt u"

Jebus said "If you can has payshuns, you can has teh moar tinie, tastyer cookies!"

undefined

Teh pheast of da unleavened breadz was approaching.

Teh number-1 priest kittehs and da teacherz of laws was lookin to get ridz of Happycat.

Basement Cat enters Judaz (aka Iscariot) who wuz one of teh 12 folers uf Happycat.

Judaz goes and meats the templez guards and officres bout givin dem Happycat to put to sleeps!oh no! (iz 'cause Judaz iz jerk).

They r delighteds and promies to give him phat l00t.

Judaz agrees, sez kthanxbie, and weights til Happycat can be caught wen he like no expect nothing to hapenz and they beez all like whatcha and takes him wit out crouds nearbie.

So iz day uf eats flat cheezburger on Pazovr waer lil lamses be killed.

Happycat wuz to Paul an Peter go makes uz teh cheezburgers for the dinners, kthx.

teyz iz like waerz you wants uz to make teh cheezburger?

Happycat sez wen yooz getz to town guy wit boul uf waterz will say O, hai! tos yoo, srsly. yoo shuld tagz along to home hiz enters.

yous guyz shld sez to duh howz owner, teh teecher azk where bed plase for lonely street kitteh to haz hiz cheezburgers wit frends?

He taek yous up to room, wich is srsly hueg an bigs an stufs and wit chairz and tabels, lol. yooz guyz make cheezburgers there.

Teyz leev and wuz like OMG evryting iz jus like Happycat sez! Then tey starts make cheezburger for pazovr

When teh tiem come Happycat an teh oters wuz chillin at teh tablz, lol

happycat was sez tat he wanted to haev tis cheezburgers bufor he wuz sposed to be taken to teh betrinarein (except he no come back afur vizit).

Cuz tis iz teh las tiem i be eaten tis cheezburgers bufor it maek tru stuff in books by Ceiling Cat in Ceiling Cat's Ceiling.

afur takin teh cuppy ting an sed, "taek dis an shares it, srsly, no can has all.

Dis is teh las tiem i be drinkin teh joos uh teh tinie rown purbl tings on teh vine til it maek tru stuff in books by Ceiling Cat in Ceiling Cat's Ceiling.

undefined

Evribodi gotted up an taeked him to Pilate.

An dey wuz all "Diz d00d iz makin trubl, interferin wif teh IRS.  He evn sez hez a king LOL."

So Pilate wuz liek, "Iz u teh king of teh Jooz?"
 Jesus wuz liek "Yep, srsly."

Den Pilate wuz liek "Datz not illegl LOL.  No wai."

But evriwun wuz all "He haz ben makin trubl all ovr Judea, startin in Galilee."

Pilate wuz "O RLY?  Hez from Galilee?

Dat maekz him Herod's problim LOL."  So he sended Jesus 2 Herod on teh monorail cat.

Herod wuz happi, bcz he had hearded about Jesus an thot he wud do sum trickz

He askted him lotz of kweschnz but Jesus didint sai nothin.

All kineds of peeplz wuz dere insultin him.

Herod an hiz soljrz insulted him too.  Dey putted niece clothes on him an sended him back to Pilate.

Herod an Pilate wuz not palz bfor, but aftr dat dey maed frendz.

Pilate maed evribodi get togethr,

an he wuz all "U sez dis d00d iz causin trubl but I cant find no proofz.

An Herod cant eithr.  I no canz giv him teh deth penlti for doin nothin LOL.

So I wil jus taek hiz cookies awai an let him go."

Now u needz to undrstand dat dere wuz a big parti comin up, an at dis parti, Pilate had to let wun of teh priznrz go.

Evribodi wuz all, "We can haz Barabbas now?"

Barabbas wuz a murdrer an he startid a riot too.

Pilate wantid to let Jesus go insted so he wuz liek "Iz u sure?"

But evribodi wuz all "Kill him wif teh cross!"

So Pilate wuz liek "OK thrd tiem.  What did dis d00d do rong enniwai?  He duzint dezrv teh deth penalti.  So i will just taek hiz cookies an let him go hoem k."

But evribodi wuz all "CROSS NOW"

so Pilate sed "k."

He let teh othr d00d go an gaev Jesus to teh pplz.

Whiel dey wuz draggin him awai dey seed Simon from Cyrene an maed him carri teh cross.

Lotz of peepl wuz dere, includin sum ladiez who wuz cryin.

Jesus wuz liek "U shudnt crai for me.  U shud crai for urselvz an ur kittnz.

Bcz teh tiem wil com when u wil wish u nevr hadded eni kittnz at all.

Den
 " 'u will be liek Mountinz, fall on us!"
 an hillz, covr us!" ' 

If peepl do dis when there is cheezeburger, what thei do when thei can no has cheezeburger?"

Two othr d00dz wuz dere to be eksekutid.  Dey wuz criminalz k.

Dey caem to dis plaec called teh Skull (rock!) an crucified Jesus betwin teh criminalz.

Jesus sed, "Ceiling Cat, forgiv dem, dey duzint know what dey iz doin."  An teh guardz playd diec to desied who got Jesus's yarnz.

Evribodi maed fun of Jesus.  Dey wuz liek "If he is Ceiling Cat's son he shud saev hizself."

Teh soljrz wuz liek "LOL" an gaev him vinigar to drink.

Dey wuz liek "If u iz teh king of teh Jews, saev urself."

An dey putted a sien on him dat sed KING OF TEH J00Z LOL.

Wun of teh criminalz wuz bein all rude.

But teh othr wun wuz liek "Izint u afraid of Ceiling Cat?  U gotted teh deth penalti too, remembr.

We dizrv it, but Jesus didint do ennithin rong."

Den he wuz liek, "Jesus, remembr me when u getz bak to ur kingdm."

Jesus wuz liek "Todai u wil be wif me in ceiling."

It wuz around six an it gotted dark for three hourz,

bcz teh sun stoppted shinin.  An teh curten in teh templ wuz torn in half.  Dat wuz a mirakl, no wun wuz sharpnin dere clawz on it or nothin, srsly.

Jesus wuz all "Ceiling Cat, I sendz mai spirit to u."  An den he died. Was ver sad, I creid :(

Roman kitteh see whut happin, say 2 Ceiling Cat "Jesus good kitteh, not should die D:"

Teh ppl that saw gotted sad.  Dey rode away wif invisible bike.

Peeple taht knew Jesus (teh wummenz too, lol) from Galilee, dey staid 'n' wached.

Honurable man is honorrble, he name Joseph.

When Cross happn he say "DO NOT WANT." Josph from Arimthtehea, he wantid Ceiling Cat 2 come.

He say to Pilate, "I taik Jesus' body, kk?"

He take down & wrap it in soft yarn and placed it in cave, whut was emptyt.

Yay, verily, it was Caturday.

Teh wummenz what came wif Jesus from Galilee followeded Joseph saw tomb & yarn & body of Jesus.

undefined

Teh ladiez taked sum catnip to Jesus's tomb.  Thatz whear he wuz putted when he kinda ded.

Teh stone in front of it had bin movded, witch iz weird cuz it iz so big and stuff.

but when dey wented in hes bodi wented somewhere else, prolly cuz someone liked it an took it home.

Dey wuz kinda confuzed but gud fer dem dese two birdkatz showd up.  Dere clothz wuz shini liek lietnin witch iznt gud cuz itz so loud.

Teh ladiez wuz all scareded but teh birdkatz wuz liek "Why look for livin kat in teh plaec whaer jus dead katz iz keeped, LOL.

He iznt here, he wuz bored so left!  He did told u he gunna leaf if get board!!11!

He wuz liek 'I iz gonna get found by teh guyz that make me reallies reallies wet, lik under waterz wetz, an put on two big stiks an com bak after 3 dayz cuz 4 daiz to long to sit in cavez.'  Yea, wez not sur why hez wantz do al dat etherz, mebee for fun? "

Den teh ladiez thinked hard bout stuff he sayed an dey wuz liek "Oh, We forgotted LOL."

When dey gotted bak dey telld all dis to sum guyz dat didnt left:

Mary Magdalene who wuz lik totally hot on Jesuz whoa, Joanna, Mary who wuz Jezuz's old mom (hiz fadder waz actually Ceiling Kat!), an the ladiez who wuz wif dem tellded teh stori about Jezuz Kat wak up.

But teh apoclypsez wuz liek "STFU" an didint beleev dem.

Peter at leest wented to teh tomb witch wuz a hold in teh wall.  He saw peaces ef yarn dat Jezus Kat did got tangleds up in real bad an he wuz liek "WTF?"

Dat day a coupl of teh follorz wuz goin to Emmaus wich iz diz place somewere.

An talkin about whut had jus happnd wich iz dat JezuzKat wuz sleepin fur long time now, wich make senze they talk bout dat cuz they not have TV or Intertubez too watch.

Whiel dey wuz talkin Jesus comd up, witch he cud do cuz he not sleepin on da two big stiks no more, but he look diffrent frum befour cuz he felt lik bein tricksie so they think he jus sum uther guy, like Gandalf in LOTR LOL.

undefined

He wuz liek "How iz yu gentlemenz?  WHAT HAPPEN?!?"
 Dey got all sad in da face.

Wun of dem - hiz naem wuz Cleopas, but dat not imporant - wuz all "Were U bin, in sum hole in da ground?  Bcz u doant know what happen?  Someonez set Uz up da bomb."

"What yu sai?" sed Jesus.
 "Liek dere waz dis d00d Jesus," dey sed.

"Dey killded him on too big stiks.

an we wuz hopin he wud saev dis hole big cuntry we in.  Suprize dow, dey killded him real ded three dayz ago!

Plus dis mornin sum of teh ladiez wented to teh big hole.

Dey didn't finded hiz bodi but dey sez dere wuz birdkatz in a hole sayin he wuz not really ded fur al time, jus short time cuz it not realie dat fun.

Sum of our frendz wented to teh big hidey hole.  It not haz any ded stuff in it but dere wuzint enni birdkatz dere ether."

Jesus wuz liek "Foolz u iz actin liek n00bz that kries.

Itz not liek Jesus didint explaen all dis whiel he wuz here."

So he tellded em stuff frum in teh Bible, wich is diz book, stuff from teh beginnin, wich waz lotz of talkin.  Dey stil didint know who he wuz k.  Meybe diz cuz dey stoopid az dogz.  Mebbe not.

When dey gotted near Emmaus, witch wuz dat place, he pritendid he wuz goin farthr.

But dey wuz all liek "Itz dark which iz SCARY, u can stai wif us PLZ."  So he did.

When dey hadded dinnr he taked teh cookies an sed "Thank yu Ceiling Cat" an gived dem to evribodi.

Den dey see hez not jus sum guy, he Jezuz Kat!  Dey sey "ITZ YU!!".  So he move "ZIG" like Ceiling Cat lazerz an iz gone LOL.

Dey wuz all lookin fur he undur dat table like "WTF?"

Dey wented straet bak to Jerusalem, wich iz da big citee, to teh othr katz

an wuz liek "Itz true!  Jesus Kat iz aliev an Simon seed him wit hiz eyes."

Dey tellded what had happnd, witch waz lots uf stuf dat waz sayed befor, so jus think uf dat stuff said one mor time.

OK so de apoceclipse iz together, and Jesus Kat is poof appear liek lazerz and sed "Peaz."

They is all liek "hax!"

Jesus iz liek "wtf nubs is me."

Disciplines is liek "o rly!" and Jesus is liek "ya rly."

Jesus is liek "srlsly guys.  Stil me even if Iz gots wholes in handz and feetz.

Dey still not get it, so Jesus is liek "It can haz be food times now?"

Teh Apostasis is liek "here haz fish"

Jesus is like "kkthx" and eated teh fish.  Thiz time he not makez lots of fishes an bread fer sandwhichez prolly cuz dere not enuff mayo.

Jesus is liek "nubs I told joo.  it was writed."

Den Jesus is liek "I open ur minds."

Jesus is liek "srsly.  That book sed teh rescuer, which iz me guyz!! gets hurtz lotz and standz up even thoug ded."

"Also go tell guyz bout peas with mah namez."  They look all confuz by dis, cuz peaz really small.

He is liek "u r all being teh witnesses, witch meanz guyz dat lookz at stuff."  They did caz dey haf eyez.

He is liek "I haz presents, but joo needs 2 waits."  They al wish he givez presents!!1one!! rite now, but he not.

Den teh Jesus is liek "come out to Bethany" wich wuz a gurl cuz Bethany iz a gurlz name and he is liek "blessins on joo".

Wile he blesses he is liek go to heaven.  Mebbe he fly liek birdkatz, meybe not, but hez all gone.  srsly.

undefined

In teh beginz is teh meow, and teh meow sez "Oh hai Ceiling Cat" and teh meow iz teh Ceiling Cat.

Teh meow an teh Ceiling Cat iz teh bests frenz in teh begins.

Him maeks alls teh cookies; no cookies iz maed wifout him.

Him haz teh liefs, an becuz ov teh liefs teh doodz sez "Oh hay lite."

Teh lite iz pwns teh darks, but teh darks iz liek "Wtf."

And teh Ceiling Cat haz dis otehr man; his naem iz John.

He tellz teh ppl dat teh lites is tehre, so dat teh doodz mite bleev"

Him wuz not teh lite; he jsut sez teh lites is tehre.

Teh tru lite ov lotz of lite wuz comes, k?

He iz liek, "Oh hai, I mades u," but teh wurld duznt sees him.

He iz comes to his peepz, but his peepz sez "Do not want!"

And sum guyz did want, and sez "Teh Ceiling Cat pwns," and deez guyz iz liek his kidz—

But not liek reel kidz, k? Iz liek teh Ceiling Cats kidz.

Teh cat macro comez dwn frm Ceiling (omg) and he is lives wif us. We is sees teh glorie taht is frum teh one n only; him come from teh dad wif teh grace and teh truth.

John is liek "Oh hai" becuz uf him. He sez "OMG tihs guy iz teh one taht is comes after me him iz bettr becuz him comes frst, k?"

Becuz is a lotz of grayce we can has cheezburgers.

Moses is liek "Hay I has teh lawz"; Jebus is has teh grayce and teh trooth.

Ceiling Cat is Invisible, but teh one n only (him is wif Ceiling Cat) is liek "Hay look."

Dese are teh meows sez by John when da religulous autoritahs in Jerusalem sent Levites and Pretchers to ax "OMG! Who r u?"

John says "Me no lyer, not teh Chozen1, Ceiling Cats kitteh"

They asked him, "Who R u? R u Elikhat?"   He said, "Omg no!"   "R u teh Profitz?"   He sez, "WTF? Omg, No!"

Tehn they wuz, "LOL, so hoo ar you?"

John got all liek profitz Isaiah LOL srsly, "O hai I am liek gai meowing from teh littr box, 'Strayten up for Ceiling Cat but DO NOT USE vacuum!!!!1!' "

Pharisees sez,

"Oh hai wai you washt ppl if no Chozen1 or profit? NO LIKE WET FURZ!!1!"

John sez "Ai washt wit water (WTF???). But among yoos is kitteh u not no,

Him folowz me, an ai no allowd to play wit hes shooz."

Wuz at Bethany cross water wher John wuz washiz.

Next dai John seed Happy Cat . Sez "O hai Ceiling Catz shepe. Him fix invisibul error!!!1!

Tihs gai ai sed folowz me.

Ai washt peepz wit water (WTF??!1! Srsly) so Israel ppl no him."

John sez "Invisible Cat caem an stuck to him.

Invisibul Cat proovs

I seed an I no him is Ceiling Catz Kitteh!!!1!"

Next dai John seed Happy Cat.

Sez "O hai Ceiling Catz shepe" (agin lol)

Hiz ppl heerd him. Tehy stalk Happy Cat.

Happy Cat seed tehm sed "Oh hai, sup?" They sed "Oh hay Teachr, ware ur place?"

Him sai ovr heer. So they chillt wit him an eated cheezburgrz.

Andrew was 1 those gais.

Andrew telled his brother Simon "Oh hai we found teh Chozen Wan. He was behind teh sofa."

They went to saw Happy Cat an he sed "Yu Simon. I cal yu Rocky LOL."

Happy Cat wan go Galilee. Sez to Philip Yu coem too.

Philip was from Bethsaida tu.

Philip tolded Nathanael "Oh hai we found the gai Moses an profitz were sayin, iz Happy Cat frm Nazareth."

Nathanael sez "Nazareth! nutting good from there!" ROFL PWNED!!!1!!1

Happy Cat seed Nathanael sez "Oh hai you good kitteh. GOOD KITTEH!"

Nathanael wuz "You no me? WTF??!?"

So Nathanael sayed "You teechr is good kitteh. Ceiling Catz kitteh. Bosscat."

Happy Cat sez "ROFL! you sawed nuthin yet.

undefined

Onz teh tihrd dayz, some pplz was gettin hitchded in Cana inz Galilee, and Happy Cat's momz was there.

Happy Cat and hiz doodz were liek, "Weez comez 2, lol."

All teh booze got drinkt, and Happy Cat's momz was liek, "Tehy gotz no booze.  Tihs partee iz teh suck!"

Happy Cat sed to hiz momz, "Woman! STFU! Mai timez iz not comez.(Burn!)"

But hiz mother wanted teh booze and telled the doodz at teh bar,"He willz makes booze.  Does whut he sez to do."

Nowz, theres waz some bukkitz for washings teh selfs pures.  Tehy holded 20-30 gallonz each.

Happy Cat sez, "I gots a plan.  Momz wantz booze, she getz booze.  Fill teh bukkitz with waterz."  And teh doodz fillded dem full.

He sed to teh doodz, "Teyk som waters to teh party dood."  Tehy didz it.

Teh party dood was liek, "Tihs iz teh booze!  I lieks tihs booze!  Where didz tihs come?"  (Teh doodz who broughted teh booze knowd.)  Teh party dood wentz to teh pplz gettin hitchded

and sed, "WTF!? Most doodz gives teh gud booze first, and tehn crappy booze when pplz iz too drunk to care.  But tihs booze pwns!"

Happy Cat didded this, teh first of hiz signz, in Cana inz Galilee, and revealded hiz Pwnage; and Happy Cat's doodz beleved in him.

Tehn Happy Cat goed to Capernaum wit momz and doodz for soem dayz.

It wuz almost Jewish partee day an Happy Cat wen Jerusalem.

He seed ppls selling shinees and aminalz an thingz in Ceiling Catz place.

So Happy Cat PWND TEHM IN TEH FACE LOLZ!!!!11!!!1!.

He sed "Don sel crap in Ceiling Catz place n00b"

His doodz lookt it up in a book or somthing.

Then teh Jews sez, "Why yu tihnk you hav pwnzor skeels to do tihs?"

Happy Cat is like, "Eated this temple up and ai maek nother in tree dayz, n00b."

Teh Jews sez, "Oh hay, we don werk dat fast. Took us 46 manz yeerz"

But Happy Cat was messin wif tehm cuz he wuz talkin bout his bod.

His doodz figgered it out later.

So him wuz havin partee in Jerusalem an pplz saw hiz mad skeelz of pwn.

But Happy Cat no trust catz.

undefined

Naow dis guy Nicoteneus iz a lvl 64 Pharisee and leeds teh joos.

He comez to teh Happy Cat in teh nites and he sez "We knoes u comez frum teh Ceiling Kitteh and we knoes u pwn."

An Happy Cat sed, "Ceiling Kitteh has invisible haus, u gots 2 borned agen 2 see it."

Nicoteneus sez, "o rly, d00d? How doez dat werk?"

Happy Cat sez, "is da truth, u hafta be born agen wif waterz an spiritz an stuffs.

Flesh givez birf 2 flesh, but teh spirit gives birf to spirit, k?

Y r u so konfoozled?

Is lyke wind, it doz its own stufs an u dunno how it werks, but is all ok, amirite? Is like that!"

Nicoteneus sez, "I doez not get it." :(

"Den ur not gud teecher," sed Happy Cat . "Lez flame tnak his b4se!"

"Ok, iz da twoof. We says sum stuff dat we sawed, and teh peeplez is still konfoozled.

I ben talkin bout teh stuffs on urf and ur still lyke, 'whut?' so whut bout Ceiling an stuffs?

I iz da only wan whos gone to Ceiling so u haves 2 trusts me, mkay?

I gots 2 b lifteded up lyke Moses an his snakedy thingy,

coz if u beleeves ur not gon be ded! Eternal lifes, u can has it!

So liek teh Ceiling Kitteh lieks teh ppl lots and he sez 'Oh hai I givez u me only kitteh and ifs u beleeves him u wont evr diez no moar, kthxbai!'

Cuz teh Ceiling Kitteh not snd hiz son 2 take all yur cookies, but so u cud maek moar cookies 4EVAR!

U beleevz him u getz cheezburgrs, but els you get invisibul error.

Lytes ar on now heer, but catzes no caer cuz they can see wit no lyte anyway.

Invisibul error no liek lyte, him no liek be seed.

Good kitteh no skeered of lyte, cuz himz not messin up."

Happy Cat an doodz goed to Judean place, an he washded ppls again .

John wuz washding ppls too. Lotz of wet furz oh noes!

(All afore John gotz pwned.)

An tehy had some big fite about washding.

An tehy tole John, "Oh hai, soem otehr dood iz washing ppls."

John sez, "LOL! you only can haz cheezburgerz from teh Ceiling.

You noes I was liek, 'Hey, Ai not teh pwnzor.'

Some1 els iz bosscat.

Him wil pwn, ai iz just n00b LOL.

"The Ceiling Cat pwnz all; Us iz n00bz, can tell from how us talk ROFL. Did ai alreddy sez Ceiling Cat pwnz?

Himz seez an tellz bout wut he seez, but no ppl lisen.

U no Ceiling Cat is reelz.

Cuz Ceiling Catz kitteh sez troof, cuz him can haz Invisibul Cat.

Ceiling Cat lubs kitteh and lets him play wit shinies.

undefined

Teh Dood iz knoes teh Pharsys herd Jebus haz a lots frenz

(But teh dscpls rly haz teh frenz),

and so he iz goes frum Judea to teh Galilee.

He iz goes thruh Samria.

He iz comes in teh cityz in Samria taht iz calls Sychar, and iz place Jacob iz gives to Jospeh;

Teh wellz of Joseph iz tehre. Jebus wants to haev teh sleeps and iz sits at teh wellz. Iz liek six-a-clok.

A Samrtn womun camez to get teh waterz. Jebus sez "I has a thirsty, I can has bukkit?"

Teh dscpls iz gon in teh cityz to haz sum cheezburgrs.

Teh Samrtn womun iz liek "OMG I iz a Samrtn and u iz a Jew and u sez u wants mah bukkit? lol." (teh Jews and teh Samrtns iz not frenz no moar, remmiber?.)

Jebus is liek, "Ifs u knoes teh Ceiling Cat's presnts and ifs u knoes who I iz taht sez 'gimmie bukkit', then u wud has a thirsty and he wud gives u sum waterz of teh lifes."

Teh womun sez, "WTF?

"Teh well iz Jacobs and him gives water to teh baybeez and teh cawes taht moooes and u iz not goode liek him."

"Jebus sayed, "Ifs u drinks theez waterz, u has a thirsty forevr;

"but ifs u drinks teh waterz of teh lifes, u no has teh thirsty no moar; teh waterz of teh lifes iz makes u haz teh lifes forevr, k?"

Teh womun sayed "K naow I rly has a thirsty; I can haz teh waterz of teh lifes plz?"

Jebus sez, "Teh husbnd--bring him to me."

Teh woman sez, "I no haz teh husbnd." Jebus sez, "Srsly, u no haz teh husbnd;

"u just haz a lotz OMGbuttsecks wif teh man, but iz no husbnd. Srsly."

Teh womun sez "OMG, u iz teh profets.

"Teh dadz lieks theez mowntins to sez to teh Ceiling Cat 'Oh, hai' but u ppl sez taht u can only sez 'Oh hai' in Jerusalem. WTF?"

Jebus sez "K lissen, tiem iz comes taht ppl duznt sez in theez mowntins or in Jerusalem 'Oh hai Ceiling Cat.'

"U sez 'Oh hai' but u duznt knoes; teh Jews knoes and teh Jews pwn.

"Teh tiem comes--jk, teh tiem iz naow lol--taht ppl can sez 'Oh hai' juss by teh self becuz teh Ceiling Cat lieks thoz ppl.

"Teh Ceiling Cat is invisible, and teh ppl taht sez 'Oh hai' shuld sez 'Oh hai' wif teh invisible stuffs."

Teh womun sez "OK so liek u knoes teh Dood taht iz comes, teh Christ, he will sez a lotz of stuffs."

Jebus sez "lol I iz teh Dood."

Teh dscpls comes and tehy iz liek "OMG" becuz Jebus iz talks to teh Samrtn womun and teh otehr Samrtn ppl wer liek "Srsly, whatevr."

So teh womun sez to teh waterz "Do not want!" and goes to teh cityz and sez,

"Oh hai, soem guy sez teh stuffs taht I does; it iz teh Dood?"

So teh ppls comes to sees Jebus.

Teh dscpls r liek "Srsly Jebus, u can haz cheezburgr."

But Jebus sez "I haz sum foods and I eated it, k? And u guyz r probly violatin teh kosher lawz."

And teh dscpls iz liek "WTF? How does he haz teh foods?"

Jebus sez, "Mah foods is to does teh stuffs taht Ceiling Cat sez.

"Duznt u sez, 'Hay, iz sum tiem, and ltr teh foods iz comes'? Srsly, u looks aroun, teh foods iz evrywhr.

"Ifs u gets teh foods, u haz teh foods forevr and evr and evryone iz teh frenz, k?

"Liek, 'one guy iz makes teh foods, and teh otehr gets teh foods.'

"I haz sez to u, 'Hay, go gets teh foods naow plz' and u duznt gets teh foods; teh otehr ppl just gets teh foods fore u."

Lotz Samartanz beleevd cuz girl sez, "He seed me masturbate LOL."

So Samaritanz wanted kitteh to stae.

An other pplz bawt it too.

They tole teh girl, "We noes now to kkthxbai."

Den he wen Galilee.

(Jebuz areddy sed no respek in yur own hous LOL.)

Teh Galileans were all, "OH HAI!". Iz saem ppl at the partee in Jerusalem. Had to ues saem ekstras LOL.

So he made moer booz for Cana, YAY!. An a bosscat had a sik kitteh in Capernaum.

Bosscat beggd Jebuz to heelzor kitteh, but not neuter him LOLz.

Jebuz is all, "You n00bz all wan see my mad pwnzor skeelz, WTF??!!1!."

Bosscat sez, "No relly. Plzkthx"

Jebus dist him, "l8terz (burn). Kitteh no get eated." Bosscat bleeved him.

Hiz slavez told him teh kitteh is betr.

An himz liek 'when?' and there liek 'whenever. Yesterdae'."

Dad figgerd that Jebuz dun it and hiz place all can haz ceezburgerz and bleeved.

undefined

Afterwurds Jebus ceam backz at Jerusalem an wuz attending jewie holidays lol

in teh cities, near teh Sheep Gate, wuz teh pewl of Bethesda (not teh game developer lolz)

Bunchez of sick ppls wuz layin' in ur porches, waitin' for teh healingz

fur an angels of teh Ceiling Cat ceam frum tiem to tiem and stirrred up teh water, and teh 
first sick ppl to get in wuz healsded

Wun uv teh mans wuz sik fur thirty eight yeers

When Jebus saw him he knowed he wus ill for long tiem, he asked him "rofl, would u liek to get wells??"

The sick dood wuz leik "wtf, I cant"

Jebus wuz like "Stand up, get ur sleepin matz, and walk1!!!1"

And teh man rolled up teh sleepin' matz and walked!!111! But this miracles happnd on teh sabbth days.

So teh jewie leaders wuz liek "u can't wurk, put down ur sleepin' matz"

And teh man wuz liek "no wai, teh man who wus healin' me for this wuz liek 'pick up ur mat and walk!!1!1'"

"wtf said that?" they asked

Teh man wus liek "he wus gone! INVISIBLE HEALER."

Jebus finded him an sez, "Told U. Stop invisibul error or get pwned in teh face."

So Gai told jewie leaders that Jebus dun it.

PPL wuz mad cuz Jebus did stuffs on Caturday.

N Jebus is liek, "Dad werkz mad hours. ai too"

PPls got mad an wanted to pwn him.

Jebus sez, "Srsly, this iz all Ceiling cat. Himz got the mad skeels.

Ceiling Cat lubs me. He will show you MAD PWNZZOR SKEELZ. N00bz

But we iz both specced rezzors.

Oh hay, but I getz to say who is invisibul error,

So you can give both us lubbinz.

(still Jebus tawkin) "Srsly, beleev me an cheezburgerz 4ever; no get eated.

Rlly, evn ded ppls will heer. LOLZ!

Dadz an me is both alives, rite?

But I get to dis whoever I wan.

"Did ai alreddy sed that even ded ppl wil heer?

an gud kittehs gets teh cheezburgerz, and bad kittehz iz to get pwned.

I'll be faer and stuff for Ceiling Cat.

(still Jebus tawkin) "Cant sae for myself.

Otehr ppl is gon talk for me.

"John will be reel.

Not that ppls ever tel teh trooth BURN!!!11! LOL; but hay.

John turnd on teh lytes an you liekd taht.

"An otehr ppl sed who werent noobs liek John (HAHA PWNT!) Dad gaev me chorez an I am doin tehm so liek... yeah.

Invisible Cat sed an all,

But hey, no lubs teh kitteh, no lubs dad.

U reed too much lol. But themz bookses iz bout me

But no lubbinz for me QQ.

"Don brownoez me n00bz,

I no you can haz no lubz for Ceiling Cat.

Yur all dissin me; but nother kitteh coems aroun and it will be all lubz.

You don can have beleev if you brownoez evry1 but Ceiling Catz kitteh. BAD KITTEHZ!!!11!

"But Moses gon pwn you, not me.

An Moses even rited bout me an stuff.

undefined

Afturwurdz, Jesus cross'd teh See of Gallilee.

lotza kittehs went too cuz dey see's teh mirikls He dun.

Jesus went up on teh mountn n sat dwn wit hiz homiez.

Teh jooz cheezberger feest wuz cominz up

Jesus saw lotza kittehs comin n sez to Philip, "We gonna need mor cheezbergerz!"

but Jesus sez dis iz test cuz he no'd wut waz comin.

Phillip sed, "200 daze of cheezberger makin wudn't be enuf to feed all teh kittehs even a lil bit."

One of teh homiez, Andrew, the brudduh o Simon Peter, sez,

"There iz tom-kitteh wit five cheezbergerz n two tuna; but wut good dis do?"

Jesus sez, "Tell them to chilax." N all teh kittehs chill'd on teh grassiez.

Jesus took teh cheezbergerz, sed thx to ceiling cat, and handed teh chzbrgrz to teh chillin' kittehs, also teh tuna.

When teh kittehs were purrin', he ses to His homiez, "Get teh leftover cheezbergerz so nuthin be waestid. kthx."

So Jesus' homies got teh leftovers, and fill'd twelv baskets wit leftovers dat came from teh five chzbrgrz dat wuz more din dey cud eetz.

When teh kittehs see teh mirikle he dun, they sez, "Dat must b teh Profit hoo come into teh wrld."

Jesus knowed teh kittehz wus going to come and takz Him n makz Him king, so He ran awayz

nite came and teh hommiez went dwn to teh sea,

thay left in a boat, goed cross teh sea to Capernaum. It wuz dark, n Jesus wuz still gonz.

Teh sea wuz dancin n shakin cuz teh wind wuz goin craziez!

Teh homiez see'd Jesus walkin on teh water! OMGWTF? Teh homiez wuz skeered!

Jesus sez to hiz homiez, "Don't be skeered! srsly!"

Teh homies told Jesus to git in teh boat, but teh boat wuz at teh shor alredy.

Teh next day, der wuz lotza kittehs still over the sea dat see'd dat there wuz only one boat, but Jesus didn't go wit his homiez in teh boat, only teh homiez wuz gone.

Sum boats come from Tiberias ware dey ate teh chzbrgrz wen Jesus sed thx to ceiling cat.

Teh kittehz see'd dat Jesus n hiz homiez wuzzint there, dey demselves got into boats n came to Capernaum lookin for Jesus.

And when teh kittehz see'd him 'cross teh sea dey sez to Him, "Dude, how'd u do dat?"

Jesus sed, "Kittehz!  U r not lookin for meh cuz you see'd teh mrklz, but cuz u want teh chzbrgrz!

Don't purr for teh chzburgrz, but for teh cookies dat offer mor din 9 livez, dat teh Son of Catz givz to u. Ceiling cat sez Him goodz stuffz."

So dey sez to Him, "Wut we kin do dat make ceiling cat purrz?"

Jesus sed, "Dis b it, beleev in teh one He sent."

So din dey sed, "Wut mrkl u do, dat we cud beleev in u? Wut kin u do?

Teh momcatz n tomcatz eated cookiez in teh desert, as teh skrptur sez: 'He givz dem cookiez from teh ceiling.'"

So Jebus sed, "Kittehs! dat wuzn't Moses!  Dat wuz ceiling cat dat givz u cookiez from teh ceiling!"

Teh cookiez from teh ceiling cat r dose dat comez from teh ceiling n gives even more din 9lives to teh kittehs."

So dey sed Him, "D00d, givz us deez cookiez! srsly!"

Jebus sed, "I iz deez cookiez, dose dat beleevs will neverz b witout chzbrgrz n creamz in ur saucerz.

But I toldz u dat even tho u see'd meh, u don't beleev.

Everytin dat ceiling cat givz meh I gotz, n I won't reject dose dat comz to me,

For Iz comz down from teh Ceiling, not for mah own flavrs, but for ceiling cat's flavrs.

N dis iz teh will of ceiling cat hoo sent me, dat I shudn't luze anytin dat he givz meh, but dat I shud raiz it in teh end.

For dis is wut teh ceiling cat wantz, that everywun hoo seez teh Son and beleevz in Him getz even more din 9lives, and I will raiz Him in teh end.

Teh Joo kittehs hissed at Him cuz He sez, "I iz deez cookiez from teh ceiling."

N dey sed "Iz dis not Jesus, teh son of Joseph? I no hiz mommacat and tomcat! Din how he sez, 'I comz from teh ceiling?'"

Jebus sed, "Stop hissing at meh!

No wun kin comz to meh lest Ceiling cat hoo sint meh sez so, n I b raizin him in teh end.

It b dare in teh profits: 'Ceiling cat wud teech dem' dose dat hear ceiling cat n lurnz from Him comz to meh.

Kittehs can't seez ceiling cat, tho.  Only teh one who is from teh ceiling can seez ceiling cat.

Kittehs! dose dat beleevs haz even more din 9lives!

I am teh cookiez dat offer even more din 9lives.

Momcatz n Tomcatz eatz chzbrgrz in teh desert n died.

Dis is teh cookiez from teh ceiling so dat kittehs cud eat it and haz even more din 9lives.

I iz teh cookiez from teh ceiling; dose dat eat dis cooki haz even more din 9lives. N teh cookiez I givz iz mai flesh for teh litez of teh wrld.

Teh jooz hissed at eech other n sed, "How kin dis kitteh givz us hiz flesh to eatz?!? WTF?"

Jebus sed to dem, "Kittehs!  Dis is wut u needz to do! U must eatz my flesh n drinkz mai bloodz or u haz less din 9lives, you haz no lives!

Dose dat eat mai flesh n drinkz mai bloodz haz even mor din 9lives, n I wud raiz him in teh end.

Mai flesh iz true cookiez n mai bloodz iz true cream.

Dose dat eat mai flesh n drinkz mai bloodz staiz wit meh n meh wit him.

Just as teh Ceiling Cat sint meh n I haz lifz becuz of ceiling cat, so duz dose hoo feedz on meh wud haz lifz becuz of meh.

Dis is teh cookiez dat comz down from teh ceiling. Not like momcat and tomcat hoo eatz n dize, dose hoo eatz dis cooki livz forever.

Dis was all sed at teh synagogue at Capernaum.

Teh homiez wuz dare and sed, "WTF? Dis iz diffrnt! Hoo kin hang?"

Jebus noo his homiez wuz hissing 'bout dis.  He sez, "Homiez! Dis ain't new!

Wut if u see'd teh Son of Catz rize up to teh ceiling?

It iz teh ghostcat givz lifz, teh flesh don't mattrz! Teh wrds I sed iz sprit n lifz.

But dare r kittehz dat don't beleev."  Jesus noo dat the kittiez dat didn't beleev wud betryz him.

He sez, "Dis b wy I sez nun kin comz to me lest ceiling cat sez so."

Lotza kittehs scatz n didn't comz bak.

Jebus sed to hiz homiez, "Do u wantz to scatz?"

Simon Peter sed to Him, "D00d, wherz we go? U iz teh cookiez of lifz.

We beleevz u iz teh wun Ceiling cat sez is goodz stuffz. srsly."

Jebus sez, "Did I not chooz u twelve? Iz not wun of u a devilcatz?"

undefined

So Jesus waz liek go to Galalee b/c lolcats do not want in Judea.

It can waz be festavul tiem thare in teh Judea

So Jesus waz liek "OK guyz u go f'real.

Jesus waz liek "no invisible bikes, tell da world so day know bout joo."

(Hiz brotherz waz liek ya right Jesus.)

So n e wai, Jesus waz liek "not my time yet, but it alwayz can be ur time.

lolcats no liek me, but day liek u.

U go, I stay home and play WoW or sumthin."  De disciples waz liek "wtf u nerd."

But Jesus sed diz and stayed in teh galilee.

OK So Jesus cat's brudders go ta fastivul, and den Jesus go but he go on an invisible bike so he secret.

Teh Jue-ish leederz waz liek "Ware he go?"

In teh crowd day was like "we liek, he haz flavor" and others waz liek "do not want."

But dey all talk in secret b/c jew leederz no want.

so teh festivul is almost overs when Jesus start talkings.

teh jew leaderz iz liek "wtf?  he no go to skool but he still smartcat!"

Jesus waz liek "I dun teech my own stuffs.  I teech Ceiling Cat's teechingz.

U duz wat Ceiling Cat wants and then u no I come from teh Ceiling Cat.

U talk on own authoritai and joo haz greedz.  Jo want gloree for teh Ceiling Cat and u be onnest.

Moses cat gived u law 4 reezon.  Y u no obay teh law?  Y u want kill me?"

teh crowd was liek "U haz demonz!  Who tries to keel j00?"

Jesus was liek "I does 1 miracul and u all is liek 'wtf.'

Moses was liek 'circumsize' so u does circumsize on caturday.

If u circumsizes on caturday, y u haz mad I heelz lolcats on caturday?

U judje by external standurds.  Stop beeing nub and judge by internals.  srsly."

So sum of teh lolcats in Jerusalem waz liek "Hey teh authoriteez want dat cat in bucket!

srsly!  He talks to other lolcats in publik and nobody puts him in buckit!  He really is haz be messiah?

Wait no wai.  No1 knows ware messiah from.  we no ware dis lolcat from."

But den Jesus liek "no wai n00bs!  u dun know me!  I come on Ceiling Cat's authority!  U no know Ceiling Cat,

but I know Ceiling cat.  I come from hiz hole and he send me to watch u masturbates."

Then dey waz liek try to put him in bucket but it no work because was no hiz time.

But some lolcats waz liek "omg he perform more miracles den teh messiah maybe!"

so liek teh Fairsees are liek hear teh crowd whispers and dey liek send guards go puts Jebus in a bucket.

Jesus like "gtg soon guyz parents sry."

He liek "U looks 4 meh but cant find meh b/c I iz somewarez u cant come so there.

Teh Pharisees is liek "OMG where he going 2?  Greek?  He teech Greekz?

He sez we looks but no findz.  What dat mean?  Pharisee cats confoozled.

So Jesus at a festval and he liek "hey u thirsty come drink

b/c I haz flavor.  Scripturz sez streams of water flow from his sidez."

Jesus sez u want, u drinkz, u do not want, u do not drink.  But rite then Jesus no had water 2 giev b/c Jesus no was rized to glory.

lolcats in de crowd waz liek "OMG he'z teh profit!"

other lolcats waz liek "no wai!  he teh Chozen Wan!" but then other lolcats was liek "no wai!  
messiuh no comez from Galilee!

he comez from teh Bethlehem b/c dat ware David from.  nubs."

So srsly was lotz of divizion and no sharing of cheezburgers in crowd.

some lolcats was liek "put him in bucket!" but no one dun it.

So teh guards came back and teh Pharisees was liek "WTF!  He not in bucket!"

And teh guards was liek "he talk differents from teh others!"

the Pharisees was like "nubs!  u get trixed too?"

"srsly guys.  We no beleeve him.  U must no beleeve him!

just cuz dese lolcats DO NOT WANT teh law, Ceiling Cat hatez dem!"

But a Pharisee called Nicodemus waz like had gone to see teh Jesus.  He waz liek

"Guyz wait!  We no can condemn b4 trial."

undefined

but Jebus goed up mt oilve.

in da mawnin, Jebus goed to churhc to edumacate the peeps.

teh fairzeez cotched a lady havin da secks wif sum d00d she not married to an maded her stand in frunt of dem all

an sadi "hai, Jebus, we cotched her habin teh secks wif sum d00d she not married to, an

Moses in teh r00lz sez we sposed to kill her dead wif rox.  Whutchu fink?"

undefined

Persitent tey waz, "Watz he done to u? How canz u now C?"


 " I haz already told u. Happy Cat alowed to see. Wuld u liek to folow us?"  


 " No. We wif Moses. Ur teh one wif him.


 We nowz that Ceilin Cat speeked wif Moses, not him."


 "WTF. He opnz my eyz, and yet u don't know wear he comez from. Idiots. 


 Ceilin Cat doozn't hear sinnerz. He hearz thoz tat dooz gud. 


 No onz ever givn sight to thoz who never could C. 


 If he iz not from Ceilin Cat, tehn where iz he from." 


 "WTF! U waz sinful frum birf, an u tellz us howz to lives!" An wif tat tehy sent him away. 


 Jebus herd of tis an went luking fur teh min. When he waz found Jedus asked " Doz u beilivs in teh Son of Man?" 


 He sayz, " Who iz he, so tat i can beilevs in him?"


" Uz seen him. U speek wif him now."


 " I bewieves. I bewieves." 


Tehn Jebus sayz: 
"I iz here to make teh sightless C, an thoz who can C sightless." 


Som of teh Fariseez hearz him an sayz," Wez not blind, right." 


Jebus sayz: 
"If uz blind, there iz no sin. 'But we seez,' you sayz, and tat not gud." No cheezburgrz fur u if u can haz C. 


They sayz 2 teh blind man again, wut sayz u ov him, dat he opend ur eyez? He sed, he iz profet. He pwnz.

But teh JewCats did not bleev concernin him, dat he had been blind, an receivd his sight, til they calld teh parents ov him dat had receivd his sight.

An they askd them, sayin, doodz, iz dis ur son, hoo ye say wuz born blind?  WTF?  How den duz he nao C?

His parents anzwerd dem an sed, we knoe dat dis ar teh r son, an dat he wuz born blind:

But by wut meanz he nao seez, idk; or hoo haz opend his eyez, idk: he iz ov age; ask him: he shall speek 4 him.

Thees werdz spaek his parents, cuz they feard teh JewCats: 4 da JewCats had agred already, dat if any man did confes dat he wuz Christ, he shud be put out ov teh synagogue an cant has cheezburger.

Therefore sed his parents, he iz ov age, ask him.

Den again calld they teh man dat wuz blind, an sed unto him, giv Ceilin Cat teh praize: we knoe dat dis man iz sinnr.

undefined

Jebus say "k gais i is for srs, if u is in shepfold and u no goes thru dor, u is r0bbr.

but if u can goez in thru shepfold door, u is teh shepperd.

cuz that means shepfold dorman seez u and all ur sheepz hearz u. cuz u give shepz names and takez them from shepfold

and so the shepz hearz name and folowz cuz teh man iz teh shepperd gai.

but if man no iz shepperd gai, sheepz no folow cos is no shepperd gai and no sowndz like teh shepperd guy so shepz are all like: wtf run awai! is no shepperd gai!"

Jebus sed all dis, but teh gaiz wer liek "WAT?! Wat u talkin bout sheepz 4? We is has NO KLU wat u meanz!!"

Jebus sez agn "k, lsn srsly gais, i iz shep door.

Erleer peepz was r0bberz, n sheepz was like: i no lisn 2 u!

I iz door.  (I iz opn door, so u no need 2 compln, k?) U goes thru me, u iz ok, n u go in n u com out n u getz nice gras n noms.

R0bberz d00dz steelz ur stuff n iz kilz u ded!!  I iz here so u can has lots of lif, an it can has abunden... ubund... lotza gudniss.

"i iz gud shepperd. gud sheprd wud diez for teh shep.

teh wrkr, who iz not sheprd n no ownz teh shep, sees teh wulf n is all liek "O NOES! OMG a wulf! DO NOT WANT!!! run awai!!" n wulf can has his shep n eated them too, n teh rest runz awai.

becos wrkr iz liek "iz not mai sheep", he runz awai.

"I iz gud sheprd. i noes mine n dey noes me -

liek Ceiling Cat noes me n i noes him - n i wud diez for teh shep.

i gotz othr shepz in othr shepfold. i go getz them 2, n they will b liek, "o hai, i kno ur vois", n all teh shepz wil b togethr n i wil b teh 1 sheprd.

teh Ceiling Cat luvs me coz i wud diez... nly to RESPON!!

no d00dz pwns me, i dos it maislf.  i has teh powr 2 do it n i has teh powr to respon agn. teh Ceiling Cat sed so. SRSLY!"

Teh Jewish catz waz confyuzd bai this.

sum waz like, "OMG dats a deemun rite der!! wai u lisn 2 crazi deemun gai!?!?"

n othrz waz like, "no st00pid!! he no can be deemun!! deemunz no can mak blind gais see, rite!?"

THeRe wuz a parteh in teh big city Juhrusailm, an evryone wuz NOM NOM NOM! It was cold krissmussy time.

Jebus wuz wlking in Solomuns Colo... Calon... he took a walk in teh tempel.

Teh jooz wah liek, "OMG JEBUS STOP TEEZIN US!!! If U teh messiah kitty jus SAIZ SO!!!"

Jebus iz all liek "I alrdy tellz you dat!! I duz amzing stufs w/ teh Ceiling Cat so u noes!!

But you no heerz, cause you no iz mai shep!

Mai shepz heerz me; i knoz dem, and they comez wit me

Cause of me, they no haz death; and noonez can taekz them! I holdz onto teh shepz RLY TITE!!

Ceiling Cat gavez them to mez, and he pwnz you all!!  No one can takez them from Ceiling Cat. NOT WUNCE!!

Me and Ceiling Cat are teh same!! SRSLY!"

Teh jewz got mad and gotz stonez to pwn Jebus,

But Jebuz wuz liek "K so frst I showz you happeh magikz from Ceiling Cat, an now is killz me?!? WTF?!"

Then teh jewz wuz liek "You iz full of FAIL!  We iznt stoninz you for thoze!  Wez stoninz you for saying you iz teh same as Ceiling Cat. Ceiling Cat iz full of win and way moar pwnsome than you!!"

Jebus sayz 2 them, "Okai you gaiz lstn. 'I have said u b teh gods?' iz in yor lawz, ruinin yor accusashuns.

If he called them 'gods' to teh gaiz teh word of God came - and teh Scripture no can fail -

TEHN SRSLY!!! YOR SAYIN EVN CEILING CATS BEBBEH THAT HE SENTED TO TEH URF NO CAN BE GOD, EVN THO THOZE GAIZ ARE?!?! LOL Why r u accuin' me of blasphumeh cuz I sayz, 'I b Ceiling Cat's Son'?!

If I duzn't do teh things Ceiling Cat duz, tehn ya, dont beleev me not wunce!

Buts if I does it, even tho u dont beleev me, dont frget all teh awsum things ah did! dat wai, u no for srs dat teh Father is in me, and dat I am in teh Father!"

Again they tried to pwn him, but he escaped and was like, "OK, bai!"

Then Jebus went bak cross teh Jordan to teh place were John had been baptizing in teh good ol daze.  Here he stayed

and many peeples came 2 him an they were like, "OMG!  John never did teh miracles, buts everything John said 'bout Jesus was true!"

undefined

In teh hometown uf Mary, thar wuz a dood, LOLrus, who wuz sick. All sick liek he ated 2 much cheezburgerz.

You no, teh Mry who was liek "Happy Cat, yur paws needs to cleans." But she had no wipes so then she wipes wif her hairs.

An the doods sisters went to find Happy Cat, an were liek "Dis is kewl dood yu wuv, and hes all sickn stuff."

Happy Cat liek heard wut they sed he wuz all liek "Dis is for teh glory of Ceiling Cat, cuz liek I can has glory."

Happy Cat lieked teh dood n hiz sistars.

He ttly took his sweet time getting ready, liek 2 hole daze.

Then Happy Cat sayz "Roadtrip 2 Joodea."

But hiz peeps were all liek "But Happy Cat, last time we was ther they was totally not kewl."

So Happy Cat told 'em. "I can has travel by day, so no can has sprained ankle.

If I can has travel at nite, I can has sprained ankle."

Happy Cat was all liek "Mah dood Lolrus has naptime. We go, n wake mah dood."

But teh peeps were all liek "If he's nappin this would be way easy."

How come for theys no get wat Jebus wuz talkin bout def ?

So Happy Cat no moar talked wif teh meadow for n teh similes and he sed "Lolrus loozed his bukkek n stuff.

N I am liek all glad I wuz not der, but I is here, so you can liek beleaf. So, lez go."

Then teh peep named Thomas who wuz called teh twin, cuz he all looks liek Happy Cat, was all liek "Yo, lezgo to be with Happy Cat n we can all be ded wif him."

When Happy Cat fnally got der he wuz in teh grave for liek 4 daze.

N teh city wuz all close to teh hood.

N lots of doods n joos has came to talk to teh sistars.

Then when theys hered that Jesus was thar, Martha went 2 meet em, but Mary stayed home.

So liek Martha saw Happy Cat n says "You has to laet,

but I no Ceiling Cat will totally listen to you."

So Happy Cat says "Your dood will has his bukket."

Martha was all liek "He can't has bukket in teh ceiling yet."

But Happy Cat was all "No no no, I can has bukket. N if u believe, you too can has bukket."

"An liek if u can has bukket, u can has no def, if you can has a beleaf in Celing Cat's kitteh. Srsly"

Martha totally was liek "Ai can has beleaf. An Iz no that you are teh kitteh of teh Ceiling Cat."

So Martha totally went to her sistar and sed "Jebus axed fer u."

N Mary was all liek "dood!" n ran to Happy Cat.

He wasnt thar yet,

but teh doods n joos wer liek "Lookit her runnin to cry for Lolrus." An dey followed her.

But when Mary founded Happy Cat she was all about "You iz to laet."

Den Happy Cat saweded her all emo an teh Joos dat com wit her wer also emo and Happy Cat wuz very sadz and his sprit was moveded liek srsly.

"Wer did yu lai him?" Happy Cat askeded. "Coem here and yu can see too," dey sed bac.

Happy Cat wepted.

An teh Joos sawed dis an sed, "See! He wuvs hims too!"

Thn, sum ov teh ppl seyz, "Diz cat can heal blind catz, can he oso stop teh LOLRus frm goin to teh ceiling?"

An thn Happy Cat went to teh tomb which was dis cave, an its has stone in frnt ov teh cave.

Happy Cat sez, "Taek awai teh stone." Bt, Martha, LOLrus' sis sez, "DO NOT WANT! Teh cave iz teh smelli! LOLRus wuz ded 4 dais ago!"

Thn, Happy Cat sez, "I told u beefour! Eev u beleaf, u can see teh glory of teh Ceiling Cat."

So they moved teh stone. And Happy Cat looked up and sed, "Thanx fur listnin', Ceiling Cat!

I knows you heared me, but dese peeps hangin' round don't beleaf in me. Iz show dem."

He sed dese tings, den he yelleded: "Oh hai! I can has Lolrus!"

Den, LOLRus coem out. Hiz clothz wuz liek all ova him. An can not see. So Happy Cat sez, "Loose him an let him go nao, kthxbai."

Den many catz who coem to Marry sawed wat Happy Cat did an beleaf.

Buht sum dem gao tew Pharisees an dem sez what Jebus do.

Dem Pharisees gao leik "MEETIN!" and stoof. Dey leik "Him do stoofs an whut we did?

If us let Happy Cat do hiz stoofs, evry1 will has beleaf in him. WE GONNA BE PWNT!"

Den tis one beeg dewd, Ciaphus, him leik "YU KNO NUFINK!

IZ MOAR IMPOTENT DAT HIM DED FO PEEPLES DEN ALL CATS DED! srsly."

As high preest him predicked dis.

Him sez awl dem cats cud be togever tew.

Sow frum den on dem leik "WE GONNA KEEEL HIM!"

So Happy Cat leik "Omg nu!" an him haides. Him peeples haide too. Dem in Ephraim.

Den it wuz leik awlmost Passover.

Peeples leik "LOL WUT? JEBUZ NO HERE?"

undefined

An six days afore it was teh Passovr, Jebus wented to Befany, whar Lazarus livd (teh men he maded not ded).

An Martha was all liek, "OMG, eat lots, Jebus, becuz we luv u". An Jebus an Lazarus wuz all liek NOM NOM NOM!

Den dis gurl Mary, she gots reely nummy smelling oils an she rubbed Jebus's feets wid it. Den she tookded her hair and wipeded it off agian, and de hous smelled reely NUMMY, and de nummy smell wuz Jebus's feets.

But Judas (who wuz sposed to be Jebus's freind but reely wasn't) was all liek,

"OMG dat oil, it r worth so many cheezburgrs!!! U shood sell it for cheezburgrs an give dose cheezburgrs to all de poor kittehs. Srsly."

But reely, Judas was uncaring-cat, an stolded Cheezburgrs for hisself all teh timez.

But Jebus was all liek "STFU, kthx. Soon I go be dedz, so I can has oilfeets.

Dere will alwayz be more poor kittehs, but dere is only oen Jebus. Srsly."

Wen all teh kittehs heard dat Jebus wuz thar, dey was all liek "OMG JEBUS!" an also "OMG Lazarus zombie!" an dey all came runnins.

So teh priests wuz all liek "we can haz kill the zombie?"

cuz now all teh kittehs lieked Jebus cuz he maded Lazarus not ded, an teh priests wuz unhappy-cats.

Teh next day, all teh kittehs herd dat Jebus wuz goinz to Jerusalem. A bunch of kittehs

all broughted catnip an went to teh road to see hims. Dey wuz shoutins


undefined

undefined

undefined

Lots of teh kittehs had seens Jebus make Lazarus not be ded anymore, and dey wuz all liek "OMG did u see dat?" to teh other kittehs.

Dat's why all teh kittehs wanted to see Jebus more closer, cuz dat ting wit Lazarus wuz COOL.

An teh Pharisees wuz all liek "why we r not cool no moar? All teh kittehs luv Jebus naow."

Sum Greeks

wented up to Philip (who wuz from Bethsaida in Galilee), and dey was all liek "we can has meet Jebus?"

So Philip wented up to Andrew, and wuz liek "they can haz meet Jebus?" an Andrew was liek "I dunnoes" so dey wented togedder to Jebus to ask him.

Jebus sed, "It r time for Man's Kitteh (dat's me) to haz many cheezburgrs.

It r like catnip: oen catnip seed r make oen catnip sprout. But wen teh catnip r ded, it r maek many catnips. An teh catnip, it has a flavr.

If u luv life, u will be all liek "O NOES!" wen u r ded. But if u r liek "life is teh suxors!" den u be happy-cat wen u r ded.

If u r freinds wit me, den u can has go to ceiling wen u r ded, liek me. Cuz Ceiling Cat, he lieks teh peoplez dat tink I am teh roxors.

Naow I is all liek "oh noes!" What u think I shood say to Ceiling Cat? I no can be all liek "I stay alive kthnx", cuz it r important to teh plan dat I be all sacrifieced n stuff. Srsly. So instaed I say,

"Dad, be teh roxors, kthnx."


undefined

Jebus sed "Dat voyce wuz for u peoplez, not for me.

Naow it r teh time for all teh peoplez to be judjed. Naow teh hitlercats of teh urfs is goinz to be kickd out.

But r goinz up, away from teh urfs, an all teh peoplez r goinz to come to me."

(An here, Jebus wuz hinting bout how he wuz goinz to be killd, but it wuz very suttle and not all kittehs getted it).

Den teh peoplez wuz all liek "WTF? We thoughted dat ChristCat wuz goinz to live for evar! Naow you say dat teh Man's Kitteh is goinz to be lifted away? This r confusin. Srsly. Who r Man's Kitteh?"

So den Jebus sed "Right naow, you can has a Lite (it r me). U should walk while u has it so teh darkness no catchez you. Peoplez who walkz in teh darks r all liek "whar is I goinz??"

Soon, u no has Lite. So u r must beleive in teh Lite wile u has it, an den u can be kittehs of teh Lite." And den Jebus ran away, and teh peoplez no could see him no mores. 

An teh peoplez wuz a liek "WTF???" an did not beleeve Jebus, even though dey had seened Jebus do lots of srsly cool stuff.

Remembr when Isaiah teh prophet guy was all liek "Who haz beleeved our story? An who has ben pettd wit teh paw of Ceiling Cat?" Did wuz liek dat.

Cuz no one beleeved Jebus becuz no one had evar seend Ceiling Cat. An also Isaih sed,

"He are makeded dem blind an angry an stuff, so dey no see an udnerstand tings and dey no feel sorry about it. So dey no come to me, even tho I makded dem cookies an I no eated dem."

Isaiah sed dese tings becuz he did see Ceiling Cat and he talkded about it a lot.

But reely, lots of important kittehs did beleeve Jebus. But teh Pharisees wuz super mean, so teh kittehs no admitted it. Dey wuz scareded dat teh Pharisees woud kikc dem out of teh Sinagog.

Cuz dese kittehs lieked having freinds n stuff more den beeing lieked by Ceiling Cat.

An Jebus got reely loud, an sed dat teh kittehs dat beleeved him aslo beleeved in Ceiling Cat, and any people who thought dat he was teh suxors aslo thought that Ceiling Cat was teh suxors.

"Any kitteh who looks at me is aslo looking at Ceiling Cat, cuz he sent me here, so I am like his avatar, lolz.

undefined

It wuz just befor de feast uv Passovr. Jebus knowd dat soon he wuz goinz to go c hiz daddy, Ceiling Cat (by beinz ded). Sinz he lovd all de spesial kittehs dat he knowd, Jebus wuz naow goinz to show dem dat he lovd dem LOTS!!1! 

Naow it wuz timez for suppr, an de debil had alreddy goned to Judas (Simon Iscariot's sun) an was all liek "BETRAY JEBUS!!1!"

Jebus knowd dat Ceiling Cat wuz uber powrfullz n dat he had comed frum Ceiling Cat an wuz goinz bak to Ceiling Cat

so he stooded up an left hiz dinnrz, an tookded off hiz clothez, an rapped a towel arownd hiz waist.

Den he startedz washinz hiz dissypels feets, an drieded dere feetz wid de towl dat wuz rapped around hiz waist.

He camez to Peter (who wuz reely named Simon but Jebus calleded him Peter) an Peter sed "OMG iz u r washinz my feets?!?"

An Jebus sed "u dont understanz y I am doinz dis, but laterz u goinz to be all liek 'OHH... I getz it naow'"

"NO!" sed Peter (he wuz verree upset n confoosed) "U no can haz washes my feets EVAR!!1!"
Jebus was all liek "I am goinz to washez ur feets an ur goinz to liek it or u NO can haz hang owt wid me no more!"

Peter den wuz all liek "Nevermind, OK u can haz wash my feets... an also my hands an my hed, too, if u want kthx."

Jebus sed "any kitteh dat groomz hisself only needz hiz feets washed so he can haz be cleen all ovr. U iz cleen, but not all my dissypels iz cleen as u."

(Cuz he knowd dat Judaz wuz goinz to btray him, an dis wuz hiz way of sayinz it.)

So wen Jebus wuz dun washinz evrywunz feets, an had putd hiz clothez on agen, he sed "doez u kittehz understanz y I r doin dat?

U r call me teecher an Lord, an dat is rite cuz I r ur teecher an Lord.

So if I (ur teecher an Lord) iz washinz ur feets, den u shood all be washin eech otherz feets all de timez.

Cuz I r setting a good xample.

But I r telling u, Srsly, dis duz not mean dat servants iz better dan lords.

An if u understands all dis, an u r doins wat I say, u r goin to be happy cats, an haz many cheezburgrs.

Xept I dont meanz all of u. Cuz I know wat kittehs I have chosed fur my dissypels, but becuz de scripchers say so, wun uv u is goinz to kik me down.

I r tellin u dis naow so dat when it happens, u will all be liek "OMG he wuz totally de son of Ceiling Cat cuz he knowded stuff!!"

I r tellin u, Srsly, any kitteh who welcums me into his hart r goinz to reseeve me in hiz hart, an also Ceiling Cat." 

Wen Jebus wuz dun talkinz, he wuz all upsets n stuff, an sed "Srsly! Wun uv u kittehs is goinz to giv me up to teh bad peoplez!!1! Srsly!!"

De dissypels lookded at eech other but dey wuz all confoosed n stuff, an did not get who Jebus wuz talkin about.

Dere wuz wun dissypel dat Jebus reelly luved lots an dis dissypel wuz cuddlin on Jebus's lap an purrinz.

So Simon Peter lookded at dat dissypel an maded gestchers to get him to ask Jebus who he wuz talkins about.

So dat dissypel cuddled closer to Jebus n said "Wat u talkin about, Lord?"

Jebus sed, "I r talkins bout de kitteh dat I am goinz to give dis cookie to, after I haz dippded it in teh milk." So after he had dippded teh cookie in teh milk, he giveded it to Judas.

Den Judas eated teh cookie, an den Basement Cat went into Judas thru teh cookie an makded him feel even more wikeds. Jebus den was all liek "If u r goinz to do it, den go DO IT! An be quick-quick!!1!"

An all teh dissypels wuz all confoosed, an wuz liek "WTF??!"

An dey thoughted dat mebbe Jebus wuz tellins Judas to maybe go an buy more foods for teh Passovr party, or mebbe tellin him to go an give cheezburgrs to teh poor. Cuz Judas always hadded moneyz. (An Jebus wuz all like *facepalm*)

So after Judas eated teh cookie, he went away veree quick, an it wuz all dark n stuff outside.

Wen Judas wuz gone, Jebus sed "Naow Man's Kitteh r goinz to be all glorifieded n stuff, and it r goinz to make Ceiling Cat look reelly good, an also glorius.

An if Ceiling Cat looks good, Man's Kitteh will look good, an Ceiling Cat will give him many cheezburgrs.

Naow, little kittehs, I r only goinz to be arownd only a short little timez. U r is goinz to be all liek "Jebus, whar u did go?" an I r tellin u, liek I tolded teh Joos, u r not goinz to findz me cuz u cant go whar I r goinz.

You can haz new commandmint: u must all luvs eech otherz liek I luvs u.

Den all teh other kittehs will no dat u iz my dissypels cuz u will all luv eech other n stuff."

Den Simon Peter wuz all liek "Lord, whar u r go??" 
An Jebus sed "I r go u can not followz me. Until laterz."

An Peter sed "Y not naow? I wood liek totally die fur u, Jebus!"

undefined

“No gots to wori, k? Yu trusts Ceiling Cat, trust also meh.

Ceiling Cat’s housez got many sofehz, Kitteh wud no lie! I go to fix yu sofeh, k?

I wants to have partee wif yu.

I do go catwalk; yu knowz catwalk too.”

Thomcat sez, ‘We not knoe wher yu walkses, how we do knoe teh catwalk?”

Jebus saiz, “oh hai. I iz teh whey n twuf n teh laif. no wun can has walkin da catwalk wif Ceiling Cat wifout me. srsly.”

“If yu knowz Me, yu knowz Ceiling Cat. Yu seen me, yu seen Ceiling Cat.”

Philippus sed, “Yu showez us Ceiling Cat, den we bez happycatz.”

Jebus saiz, “Scuse me? Yu iz not knowin me? Yu seez me, yu seez Ceiling Cat. Wai yu not getz it?

I iz curld up insaid Ceiling Cat an Ceiling Cat is curld up insaid meh. Ceiling Cat iz talkin and workin when I iz talkin and workin.

Doent ual c mirakllz? If yu canneh bleiv mah wordz yu can still bliev mirakllz.

Kitteh wud no lie! An gess wat. I haz rly gud deel fr yuz. Yuz can do same stuff Iz doin wit powr ov Ceiling Cat. BTW, yuz can do evn bettr stuf coz I goin brb to Ceiling Cat.

Wen I goez bak to Ceiling Cat, yu say "In Jebus' name" an I do all stufs fr yu! Den Ceiling Cat getz all praise from all kittehs!

Aks me nefin! Den I doez it. I doez it fr yu.”

“Yu luvs me, yu doez mai rulez.

Den I aks Ceiling Cat, an him snd hlpr to liv wif yu – Hovercat, wot Urfs can’t see.

But yu knowez him, an him bez curld up insaid yu, but not becum nu baybeh kitteh. srsly.

I will no leev kittens, I come fr yu.

Soon I bez invisible to dem others, but yuz can see me, coz I be livn an yuz be livn.

Uz noez den taht I bez curld up in Ceiling Cat and yuz be curld up in me and I bez curld up in yuz.

Kittehs wot doez by mai rulez iz bein luvs me. Den Ceiling Cat luvs yu an I luvs yu and you will see me.”

“Lord,” Judas (not dat evl traitr, srsly) sez “Oh hai... Wots dis!! yu iz bein reveeln yurself to ony us n not to evry kitteh? WAI????”

Jebus saiz, “If ne kitteh luvs me, he doez mai rulez, den Ceiling Cat luvs him and we coem movn in wif yu and stufs.

Teh kitteh who no luv Jebus no doez dem rulez. Btw I no maek dis mesij, dis mesij iz bein frm Ceiling Cat, who sented me.”

“I sain dez tings wiz me bein heer.

But Hovercat, wot Ceiling Cat bein sendn, will be teechin  yuz evrytink, den yuz knowez evrytink I been sayn aftr yuz frgetzez.”

“Peece I leev wif yu, I givs it to yu, haf fun! kthx. Don’t be fraidycats nor scaredeycats.

You heerz me sez liek ‘I bez goin to see Ceiling Cat but brb’. If yu luvded me, den yu bez liek ‘w00t!’ and stufs coz Ceiling Cat bez teh pwnz0r.

I haf told yuz dez tings nao befr stuf hapns, so wen dey hapn yuz be liek, “WAI!!! HEZ BE DOIN MIRAKLZ. HE BE DOIN PROFFEY... PROFFEH... sayn fewchr stufs. OMGZ!! We beleevs!”

I not bein speekn no morez for Basement Cat be comin. He no pwns me,

undefined

I iz tr00 vine, an mai father iz husbandsman (BTW dat meanz da d00d takin care of da garden)

All mai branches which do not has fr00t he DO NOT WANT: and evry branch that has a fruit, he eatz it an trimz it so it makez moar fr00t dat haz a flavr, LOL!

Now u has had a baff an is ALL CLEEN cuz i jus said that.

U r curled up in mai haert an I iz curled up in yr haert. Teh branch no can haz fruit, unless it in teh vine, who is rly me, srsly, an you can't has fruit either unless I is curled up in yr side stealin ur haert and u is curled up in my side stealin ma haert.

I iz vine, you iz branchz0rz. When we iz curled up in each uthr sides and purrin,  it bringz moar fr00tz, but without me they be in ur vine stealin ur fruitz.

If you no curl up in me, then u iz gun be chopped out an burned by huymanz.  OUCH.

If you do, you has a plushie and catnip and all other things you DO WANT.

I luff mai father, so you iz bringin moar fr00tz, and you be mai kittehz

As Ceiling Cat has luvd me, so I luvd u.  No forget kthx.

Do whut I tole u.  Den you b in my luv laik I do whut ma dad say and I b in his luv.

Iz so hoppy an if u do dis u be hoppy laik me! LOL!

U hafta love eech uthr samez I love u.  Srsly.

Teh bestest love iz if frend kitteh in BIG TRUBL, kitteh helps even if hasta die fr frend kitteh so frend lives! Srsly!!1!

If u do what I tole u, u r mai FRENDZ.  Good deel!

U no r survantz cuz a survant dosnt know hiz masters bizness. Rly u guyz r frendz cuz all teh stuff i lurnd from teh father u know nao.

LOL u didnt chooz me, i choozed u to make good frootz that dont even need to go in teh fridge to stay good. then teh father iz going to give u good stuffz whenever u asks.

And dis iz super speshul - LUV EACH UTHR. Srsly.

If teh urf pwns u, noes it pwns me frst.

If u wuz uv teh urf, teh urf wuld b like OMG ur awsum! But ur not, so it pwns u.

Membr, teh Ceiling Cat iz bettr than teh kittehs. If dey pwns me, dey pwns u. If dey luvs teh stuffs I sez, dey luvz ur stuff too.

Dey pwns u cuz dey not noes teh Ceiling Cat.

If teh d00dz were not hear me, dey wud has no invisible error; but nao dey heard me, so dey no can has excuse.

D00dz dat hayts me hayts teh Ceiling Cat.

I did all teh stuffs, n nao d00dz r like DO NOT WANT. Nao teh d00dz hayts me n teh Ceiling Cat.

Dey haytz me cuz uv teh lawz n teh buks. WTF?

Iz gonna send teh d00d from teh Ceiling Cat, n he's gonna tell u teh truf. (Dat d00d b Helprcat aka Hovrcat.)

undefined

i tells u guyz dis so you doant fawl off yer tv's, okai.

teh bad kittehs might kick u out of teh comfy chair, rly soon if somebody pwns u, he think he makez cheezburger for teh Ceiling Cat. srsly.

the bad peeps do this stuff bc they doant no me or mai dads.

i wanna tell all u guise dis bc i want u to remember that i warnz u. i not tellz u this soonest cuz i was hangin round u.

i iz leaving nao, why dont you guys ask "Whaer u goin?"

cuz i said all dis stuff, u wanna cryz.

but srsly, iz good for u guys that i go, srsly. if i no leaves, teh HovrCat wont come and you alls be sad, but if i goes, i send him ur wayz, kai.

when teh HovrCat comez, he wantz to convict teh urfs bout ur invisible errorz, what ur thinks riteness, an teh judgement.

bout ur invisible errorz, cuz noone beliefs me.

bout ur thinks riteness, cuz im going to teh ceiling where u cant sees me (LOL).

and also bout teh judgment cuz teh devvil of dese urfs iz condemned nao.

i haz lots to say, lotz moar than u can hear rite nao.

but teh HovrCat iz coming, an he iz going to show u all troofs. he only speakz what he heerz frum ceiling cat, and mite even tell u teh futurez!!

he bringz teh glory to me cuz he takez my stuffz and showz it to u.

all teh stuffz teh Ceiling Cat haz iz mine and  dat iz why i said teh HovrCat iz going to take my stuffz to show u.

in a little bit u no seez me cuz i be INVISIBLE JEBUS!!!LOL! but den u seez me again laters, kthx.

so den teh disipulz where confoozled an sais "WUT DOES HE MEEN?! WE NO CAN HAS JEBUS NO MOAR? An den laters wee can, and 'cuz I go to see ceiling cat some'??

WUT DOEZ HE MEAN BAI DIS? EXPLN PLZ KTHX."

Jebus sees dat deyr awl liek WTF??? so he saided "so uz noe unnerstan whut ai meen 'u no seez me, but den u seez me laters'?

well k, srsly, uz wil be all liek OH NOES!!!1! but teh worled wil be hip hip hooray. an uz wil be sad, boohoo, but den u wil be happee agen.

u see, itz laik laydykat havin bebekittehs: furst itz awl like ow ow halp it hertz! but den, wen dem bebekittehs r bawn, she no dink abaut teh pein, but her dinks 'mai kittehs! good kittehs! prettieh kittehs!'

So, dats y yuz is sad, but iz sees u laters! den yuz is happee liek kittehs wif lotslots cheezburgers dat u can has forevur!

so den in teh futurz, uz woent hav ta be asking meh to can have cheezburgers. SRSLY GUEYS! if uz say to ceiling cat 'i can haz cheezburger coz i friendz wit happy cat?' he sais you can haz, srsly.

all dose tiems befoer uz not been asking becaues weer frends; but now uz can and uz gona bees so happeh.

I ben sayin dees things in riddels liek a wise kat but sooner i can tell uz bout ceiling cat so uz can udderstands me right.

Den you can say 'i can haz cuz ai friens wit happy kat'. wait, see ai not gonna say i can haz for u,

cuz teh ceiling cat luvs uz sooow muech cuz uz luvs meh and uz belieev iz ceiling cats kittehs.

no srsly, iz ceiling cats kitteh an i caem to teh urfs, but now iz gonna goes back cuz to see ceiling cat soem moar, kthxbai.

Den happy catz frends dey sai "finnaly happy cat can has conversayshun liek normal cats an not liek him usuwal riddel kat self, srsly.

now we noes uz noes alot and we dont can need to ask you wai all teh times.  and so now we noes ur dad is ceiling cat."

Happy cat asks, "you can noes now? SRSLY??"

well sooneer, no srsly, soonest, ur all gona run for it under teh diferent beds and hied and iz be in livin room by myslef. But iz not being by myslef cuz ceiling cat lieks to hang out with meh.

undefined

So den Pilate tookded Jebus and hittd him many timez wid a wip.

An teh soldjers wuz makinz fun of him. Dey tookded alot of veree painfl thorns, an twisted dem to mak a crown, n dey puttd teh crown on hiz poor hed. An dey also puttd a purpl cloke on him.

Den dey teezed him, callinz him "King" and dey wuz all liek "King of teh Joos! King of teh Joos! May u liv long n prospr... NOT!" an dey slappd poor Jebus liek he wuz a bad kitteh. 

Den Pilate went owt n sed "Joos, I r bingin Jebus owt to u, cuz I dont see dat he wuz such a bad kitteh."

So Jebus caym owt, wearing teh painfl thorny crown n purpl cloke n Pilate sed, "Dis is teh kitteh, see?"

Wen all teh hi preests n gards seed him, dey was all liek "Nail him up! Nail him up!" So Pilate sed "U can haz do it urselvs, den, cuz I dunt see wut dis kitteh has didded rong."

Teh Joos sed, "He r saying dat he r sun of Ceiling Cat, and dis is agenst our law, an teh law sayz dat he shood be maded ded."

Wen Pilate hearded dem say dis, he wuz eben more scareded den bfore.

He wented back into teh Hall of Jujmint, an askded Jebus "War u is frum? WTF wid dis stuff u say bout comin from teh Ceiling Cat?" But Jebus was all silent-cat.

So Pilate wuz all liek "Y u r not speak to me? U r in my power, waitins for my jujmint."

Jebus replyd, "U iz only havin dis powr becuz u wuz givin dis pwr frum above. Becuz of dat, teh giult n invisibl erer of teh kitteh dat btrayd me is more worse."

Wen Pilate hearded dis, he was all liek "Awwwww!" an he reely wanted to let Jebus go free. But all teh time, teh Joos wuz shoutins, "OMG, If u r let dis kitteh go, u r in big trubble wid Ceesar! Jebus r sayin he r a King, an dat is treesin agenst Ceesar!!1!"

So insted Pilate led Jebus owt n maded him sit on teh seat of Jujmint, callded teh Pavmint (only dey callded it Gabbatha in Hebrew but we call it teh Pavmint cuz Gabbatha iz hard 2 say).

It wuz Passovr, an about lunch timez. Pilate sed "Joos, here r ur King!"

But dey all was liek "No wants! No wants! Croosify him!" Pilate sed to dem "U r want I croosify ur King?" an de hed preests all sed dat dey hadded no knig xept fur Ceesar, adn tat ohtr knigs not Cessar r rlly, rlly suck. Srsly. 


So Pilate givd Jebus up to dem, so he coud be croosified.

So dey tookded Jebus away. Dey maded him carree hiz own cross, an it wuz all heavy n stuff. Dey maded him take it to a place dey calld Golgotha in Hebrew, but we r callin it teh Place of Teh Skull, cuz it soundz scarier an iz maded of shorter werds.

Dere, in dat place, dey croosified him. An dere wuz two other peoples dat dey croosified wit him, eech on his own cross on eether side of Jebus, who wuz naild to teh middel cross.

An Pilate hungd a sine on Jebus's cross. An teh sine sed


lots of Joos saw dis sine, cuz dis place wuz neer teh city, an also Pilate had wroted it in Hebrew n Greek n Latin, so lots of kittehs cood understandz it.

Dat's y teh hi preests sed to Pilate "Y u iz writinz Knig of teh Joos? He r not Knig! U shood rite dat he SED he wuz king, but reely wuz lyinz."

Pilate just answrd, "I rote wat I rote."(and he did, srsly)

After dey had croosified Jebus, teh soldjers tookded his clothes an each soldjer gotted a part of dem. But Jebus's tunik wuz verry nice, n maded all of wun pees of cloth.

So teh soldjers sed dey wood play eenie meenie minie mo for teh tunik, to see who wood b gettin it. An so teh psalm 22 wuz rite, wen it sed


Standinz by teh cross, watchins Jebus die, wuz Jebus's mudder, n his mudder's sister, n Mary Magdalene.

An wen Jebus lookded down, n saw his most favoritest dissypel dat he luvd mostest standinz neer hiz mudder, he sed to his mudder, "Woman, behold teh Kittums!"

An he sed to his dissypel, "Look, der is ur new mudder. Srsly." And from den on, dose too peoples livded togedders.

Naow dat Jebus knowd dat his werk wuz done, so dat teh scripchers wood turn owt rite, he sed "I r so thirsty... I can haz milk plz?"

Der wuz a bottel of sowr milk dere, n teh meen peoplez dippded a spunge into it, an dey held teh spunge to Jebus's mout.

Wen Jebus tasted dat sowr milk, he sed "it r finished" an he hung hiz hed, and he givded up hiz spirit.

Teh Joos wuz wantinz Pilate to to mak teh soldjers brake teh legs of teh peoplez on teh cross, so dat dey wood die fasters. Dis wuz becuz it wuz almost der sabbith, an it wood be bad for teh bodies to be all hanginz up on teh cross on teh sabbith.

So teh soljers camed an brokded teh legs of teh other two peoplez on teh crosses, so dey wood be dyinz faster.

But wen dey saw dat Jebus wuz alreddy ded, dey wuz all liek "OMG!" an dey did not brakded his legs.

But wun of teh soldjers did stab his side wit a speer, an all dis blood n stuff camed owt of Jebus.

An u can beleev dat dis wuz tru, cuz a kitteh dat wuz der says so.

Dese tings dat happened wuz just liek teh scripchers say, wen dey say


undefined

Wen all dis wuz ovr, Joseph of Arimathea (who wuz a homie of Jebus but was scarded of teh other Joos) secretly went to Pilate all stelthy-liek an sed "I can haz Jebus's body?" and Pilate sed yes. So he tookded away teh body of Jebus.

An Nicodemus (who first camed to Jebus at nite) camed too an broughted, liek, a hunderd pownds of spices.

Den dey tookded teh body of Jebus n dey rapped it in teh spices an nise papr towles (cuz dis is wut teh Joos lieked to do to deyr ded kittehs).

undefined

Aftr dez stuff, teh dscpls sez happy cat at Tiberiases Sea, and he duz it liek ths.

Simon Petercat and Thomcat whoz naemd Didcatymus and Nathaniel frm Cana in Galilee, Zebedeez sonz, and two othuh dscpls wuz tgthr.

And Simon Peter sez to thm: "Ize goan out fssshng."  And they sez: "Weez goin too."  So out goez them and getz into the baot, but they din catchin nuthn.  All nght.  Srsly.

Happy Cat, sez dem, but dey did not dink it was Happy Cat.

He mewd, "Haf u any fish?".  Dey zed "Nu".

He zed, "Drop ur fish net de other wayz". Dey did dis an loz of yumy fish fild teh net an dey couldnt pick it al up.

Den teh dscpl woh Happy Cat luvz, zed "it is Ceiling Catz kitty", an petercat herd dis he put on his top and jumd in teh nasty watrz to get to Happy Cat.

Teh othrz came in with the boat and al teh fish.

Dey sez him cooking fish burgerz.

Happy Cat sez to dem, "Bring some fish to cook".

Petercat got teh 153 vry big fish an dropd dem at Happy Cat, an teh net had nu hols in it.

Happy Cat sez "ymm, eat", an nu dscpls sez "who r u?", dey all knoz he was Ceiling Catz kitty.

Happy Cat dropd dem teh fishburgers.

An dat waz twee tiems Happy Cat waz with dscpls after hm liev again.

Aftr tehy haz teh fishburgrz, Jesus sez to Petercat, "Simon Johnson, doz u luvz me moar thn tihs?" and he sez "lol, yah, I liek u moer than ear rub." and Jesus sez "Mah miec can haz burgrz."

And Happy Cat sez gen "Hay Simon Johnson, doz u loves me moar dan tilapia fish?" and he sez "um yah, I liek you moar dan belly rub." and Happy cat sez "U keep mah miec saef."

An Happy Cat sez one moar tiem "Hay Simon Johnson, doz u liek me moer dan chin rub? Srsly?" and Petercat iz liek WTF? becuz Happy Cat sezd "Does u liek me" gen and he sez "u knoz evrything, srsly u knoz, I Luvs u." and Happy Cat sez "Moar burgrs for mah miec"

"Srsly, srsly, when u waz teh kittehns, u haz teh fur and u goes placez u want; u will haz teh olds and sumone elsz haz teh fur fore u and tehy sez 'U goes here naow, k?' and u sez 'Do not want!' but u goes tehre neways."

And he sayed teh stuffs becuz tahts haow he diez becuz teh Ceiling Cat pwns. And aftr he sayed teh stuffs he sez "Hy, chase me, k?"

'N Peter seez Jebuz' favrit personz

'n when he seez him hez liek "Whatboutz dis gai?"

an Jezus iz liek "If ai wantz him to livez until I returnz, tehn WTF?"

An al teh pepolez sedz that he wuold nevah diez cuz o dis.  But Jesus dun sez he wuold nevah diez, he juz sez, "If ai wantz him to livez until I returnz, tehn WTF?".

Dis iz teh dscpl who sez diz who writez dem.  We srsly nowz heez sayin it rght!

undefined

K so dis iz seccand book 'bout teh Jebsus. furst waz Luke, dis iz Acks, k?

So Jebus wnt up to teh ceiling after tellin teh apossels "Oh hai, go preech, kthxbye"

Cuz, srsly, he roze from teh ded, srsly, and he waz her 4 liek siks weekz goin ceilings grate.

He waz liek "Oh hai, guyz, stai in Jerusalem 4 a wile, k? Mah dad has sumthin 4 u

Iz not water, iz HoverCat, k?"

So aposells wer liek "D00d, r u gonna maek Israel has cookie again?"

An Jebus wuz liek "IDK but mah dad noes teh stuff

And u guyz gonna get teh HoverCat and talkz bout me all ovar teh urths, srsly."

After he sed this stuff he went to teh hole in ceiling on invisible escowlator. omg pwns!.

An teh uther kittehs wer all starin, srsly! Cuz dis d00d jus liek wen up into teh ceiling! Holy moly! Two catz wit wiet fir wer all der suddnlee. Wer did dey com frum?!

"Oh hai! Yo kittehs ov Galilee," dey sed 2gethurz, wich wuz creepy n stuf, srsly, "why u starin up in deh ceilin? D00d, teh Jebus can has retrnzorz, rly! He wil com dwn teh invisible escowlator!"

Den dey got boreded and tireded cuz lookin at teh ceilin a long time hurt der neckz. Dey has got to Jerusalem frum the Mount ov Olives, wich r icky green plantz and stufs.

Wen dey get ther dey go up teh stares an go in a room. Peter wuz ther, John wuz ther, James an Andrew wuz ther, Philip an Thomas wuz ther, BartholeMEW an Matthew wuz ther, James (not teh Jebus broder! LOLZ!) and Simon (he wuz a bit zelus) wuz ther, an Judas wuz ther. Wai!!! Judas!? How he get ther? Oh! not dat Judas, sry, it wuz the son of James (I dun no wich James). Dey wer all in teh roomz, crowdin teh spase.

Dey went togetherz n praid. Lotz. Srsly. Cuz Jebus wuz all up in teh ceilin now. omg, evn Mary n teh wiminz praid to!

Den Peter stood up wit everywun
Peter stood up on hiz hind legz (no wai!) wit teh bleeverz (liek hunderd twenny kittehs)

an he sed, "Bros, u no wen teh Jebus wen up in teh Ceilin wit teh invisible escowlator? Well, deh HovrCat wuz in teh mouf of David, doin' teh profisy bout Judas (dat traitr!) Srsly.

He useted to b wun ov uz! Rly! We shareded cookiez wit him.

Becuz Judas wuz meen n takeded Jebus to teh bad guyz, he get kitteh treetz, n wit dat treetz he can has carpet feeld. In teh feeld he felded ovah and EWWWW! All his wiggly insides felded out! Gross, k? not gud.

Den everywun hurd about dis an they has a funney name for dat feeld, its caled Akeldama, an dat jus meens 'Feeld ov Blud.'

An it iz writed,


Now we haz to fulfil profisy too an pick somwun els to leed. k? Now dun push, we gunna pick dat persun.

Dis persun has be wit Jebus frum teh strt, k? All teh way to wen he get beeted n put on teh cross. Srsly. An he had to see Jebus go to teh ceiling. u got all dat?"

Den dey choseded two men. Joseph wuz all, "Ooh! Ooh! Pick Barsabbas. but dat is hard to say, so pick Justus. Dat is hiz udder naem. Ooh! But Mattias iz cool too. k. We pick wun ov dem, kthnx."

So den tey praid, "Ceiling Cat, yu know peepz hartz n stuff so u pick dis guy, plz?

He take ovr teh ministree (disciplez n stuf, n liek wurd ov Ceiling Cat, k?), wich dat batrayer left to dah bad plase."

undefined

Wen teh dai of teh Pennycots cam, dey wer togedder in won plays.

Den, holy moos, a sawnd lyk many kittehs yellin "MIAO!" cam frum teh ceiling and filld teh hawse wher teh d00ds wuz chillin.

Dey sawd lickys of fyre dat cam ovr ther heds and omg it burnz! it burnz! Oh wait, no it dont!

All of them d00ds wuz feelin' teh Hover Cat,
an dey all talkd in stranj LOLspeek lik:
 "I do say sir, what have we got here? I do believe there
 are tongues of fire-like substance coming upon our heads.
 and making us speak in quite the funniest way."
 wtf iz wit dat? Cuz teh Hover Cat maed it happn, w00t!

Now teh d00ds wuz chillin in Jerooslum, Joos who feerd teh Ceiling Cat, frum evry nashun undur teh Ceiling, srsly.

Wen dey herd da sawnd, a litter caym and wer lyk, “No Wai!” cuz dey all talkd in weerd LOLspeeks.

Wow'd fer shur, dey axed,"Arnt deez teh d00ds who speekd Gallyleen bfor, watz happnin?

Den haw duz we heerz our naytiv LOLspeeks? Srsly!"

Angoras, an Manxs an Tabbies; an kittehs frum Persia an Abyssinia,

an Ejipt an teh partz of teh Burma neer Siam. Der were also kittehs frum resurch labz!

both teh Joos and da switchies two Joodyizm frum teh feilds an aleewaiz, herd dem,
"we heer dem myowin' teh 1ders ov teh Ceiling Cat in aur LOLspeeks!”  WTF?

Wow'd and confoozd dey sez, "WAI DO THEY SPEEK DIS WAY?!?! WAI?"

And sum peepl LOL’d at dem and sed:
“Ya, rite. Dey nom too much gatorade, Srsly.”
Don wurry, Ceiling Cat pwnz dem peepl l8r. Kthx.

Den Peter stowd up wit teh eleven an sed to teh cwowd: "Oh hai!

Weez not drunk sillee! It be nine ay em, DO NOT WANT!

U know wut Joel teh profitz sez? Wel I tell yu:

'In teh last daiz, Ceiling Cat sez,
 Im in ur urthz, puurin teh spiritz on all kittehs,
 Ur suns and doters can has profisies,
 Ur yung kittehs can has fun time in teh eyez!
 Ur old kittehs can has fun time in teh branez!

Yo! I can has be puttin my spiritz on even teh servents! RLY! And dey can has profisies.

Iz gunna show u all ov teh fun stuffs up in teh Ceilin, srsly.
 Oh! Yeh! Iz almos can has no memowies. Iz awso gunna show fun stuffz on teh urthz.
 Oh wate, dos not fun! Urthz can has firez an smoke. Kawf! Kawf! DO NOT WANT!

Teh big day staw, no moar!
 An teh moon can has be all blud and stuffz. Yuk!
 but den Happy Cat can has be back! Yayz!

An evewywun who be like "Happy Cat!" can has cheezburger! Rly!'

Hey kittehs of teh Israel, lissen to dis: Happy Cat wuz of Ceiling Cat, srsly. He doed ALL teh cool stuffz an stuff.

An den yu kill him, rly.

But den Ceiling Cat browt him bac! He can has teh powah! Deths... wuz dat? lol.

Dis iz wut David sed: 'Ceiling Cat alwayz be wit me, kinda creepy

but oober asum!

Cuz u no leev me 4 woomun,  Ceiling Cat, even if her chesticlz be hyoooooj!!

You teechz me 2 not suck'

Kittehs,I can has wordz that teh David... he is ded.

But he wuz profet, srsly. Ceiling Cat sed dat his kittehs one day be on teh thronez.

Den Ceiling Cat wuz all sayin about Happy Cat raisen frum teh ded!

Happy Cat wuz all bac from the ded, yu kno dis. Yu saweded!

Nao hez sittin wif Ceiling Cat.

Nao David, he can has no asenswion to teh Ceiling, but he sed, Teh Lord sed to mai Lord: Sit wit me.

I pwnzor ur enimes! Srsly.'

"Yo! Lissen! Ceiling Cat madeded Happy Cat, whom yu makez ded (lols), like teh Ceiling Cat."

Den teh oddah kittehs mewed and beez lik, "omfg! Wut can has we be doin?"

Peter sed, "Go get a waterbath in teh name of Happy Cat, cuz yooz stinks, srsly! an yu can has no mor Invisible Errorz! Den yu can has HovrCat in yu!

Even ur kittenz can has dis. Even dos dat ar all far awai and stufz."

Den Peter beez all mean and scoldeded dem for awhilz; den he wuz all, "Sav urself! You can no has corupts generyashun! DO NO WANT!"

Ovah tree tousund kittehs can has waterbaths!

Den dey gotz cookiez an dey praid and lissen to teh oder kittehs

Everywun wuz all happeh and teh apawsles didz a majic sho, srsly.

An dey wer all frenz, lol.

Dey sell stuffz like blanketz and oder stuffz, an dey giv stufz to poor kittehz.

Evewy day dey met an went an had sleep ovahs and slumbah partayz an dey eated cookiez!

undefined

Peter an John are in ur templez, prayin at three in teh daytiem.

Nao der wuz dis kitteh who wuz all ickeh an deefowmed an him sit at teh gaet dat wuz calleded Bootifool an him wud beg to teh oder kittehs.

Den him sawded Peter an John an him wuz all, "Awms for teh poow?"

Den Peter lewk at him an John did too. Den Peter wuz all, "Hey joo, luuk!"

Lamz0r kitteh gets all happeh cuz him fowt him wud get sum awms.

Den Peter sed, "lol, stoopid lamez0r kitteh, I dun haf gowd or silveh, but I haf dis. In teh name ov Jebus ov Nazareth, danse!"

An Peter halpded teh ex-lamez0r kitteh git up an him pawz werkded nao!

An ex-lamez0r kitteh danse! Him wiggle to teh lef, an to deh rite, an him wiggle fwont an bak. Luuk! Nao him be in teh templez, dancin on teh tabelz!

Den all the oder kittehs see him,

Dey were lik, "OMGWTFBBQ?!?!??!! Wuznit dat kitteh dat sit at teh gate callded Bootifool an him begin fo awms?"

Teh ex-lamez0r kitteh wuz purrin and kneedin on Peter an John an all teh oder kittehs run ovah to be lik "WTF?"

Den Peter gose in anoder long speech cuz him lik talkin, an him sed: "Hey jookittehs! Yu are suwpwised? LOL, ur stoopid. Wai yu lukin at us lik we madeded him walk lik diz all on ouwah own? LOL, stoopid!

Yu kno dat kitteh yu madeded ded wit teh name ov Jebus?

Haha, yu gots pwned. Dood, him wuz Holiez and teh Ritchus Wun, srsly! Insted yu let diz bad kitteh go! LOL!

Dood, Jebus wuz all lik teh maker of cat macrows, srsly! Dun wry, Ceiling Cat makeded him com back to teh lif!

An cuz dis ex-lamez0r kitteh haf faif in Jebus dat him heelded! Rly! Yu haf eyez, see?!

Nao, is okai. Yu wer stoopid and stufz. Ur alfa kittehz wer stoopid too.

An dun wry. Ceiling Cat yoosed yu! LOL! Ceiling Cat wuz in ur akshuns, fulfillin profisies!

Yu rly needz to tern to teh Ceiling Cat an can has reepentz. Him mek yu INVISIBLE ERROR even MOAR INVISIBLE. Rly! Him can do dat.

An aftah refeshmentz yu can has Messyiah.

But fo nao Jebus mus stay up in teh Ceiling until Ceiling Cat respawnz everythin.

Moses sed, 'D00dz, Ceiling Cat gunna mak anoder profit lik meh, an yu bettah be gud kittehs an lissen to him, k?

If you dunt lissen to him ya not gunna be joocat anymoar, k?'

Doodz, all teh profitz startin wit Samuel tawkded abowt deez dayz. LOL

Yu guyz heer tooday ar hairs to teh profitz an ov teh covonent God mad wit ur foderz. Ceiling Cat sed to Abraham, 'Ur kittenz, Iz gunna bless teh Urf wit dem, k?'

undefined

Teh preests an teh capn of teh tempel gard an teh Sadooshies cam to Peter an John.

Dey wer lik "WTFBBQ?!" cuz teh apawsals wer in teh templez, teechin dat in Baby Jesus dey cud rais ded steenky kittehs.

Oh noes! The Sadooshies put Peter and John in teh jale! Mean!

But dat okay, cuz manee beleeved an der wuz ovah fife fousand new membahs, srsly!

Teh nex day big impowtan kittehs com to Joorusalem.

OMG! So awsum. Annas teh Haih Preest wuz der, an omg, so wuz Caiapcat, John (anudder wun, lol), Alexander, an odder impowtan kittehs.

But dey gotz meen an dey demand, "Hai! Yu can has power frum who?"

An wow! Peter can has teh powah of teh HoverCat an him sed, "Hai!

We cawlded becuz we wuz so awsum an we madeded lamz0r kitteh ex-lamez0r.

Mai awthoritah, lemme show yu it. D00d, we did it wif teh naim of teh Jebus who yu mak ded (lol, I keep tellin yu dat!) but Ceiling Cat browt him back, lol. An den dis man be heeled! Rly!

Jebus is 'teh stown ya bilderz rejec, wich becum teh cownerstone'

Nobodie els can has giv yu cheezburger. Srsly.

Dey wer impwesed cuz Peter and John wer st00pid kittehs wif no schoolin an dey wer suwpwised dey nu Jebus.

An becuz teh ex-lamez0r kitteh wuz rite der dey cud do nuttin.

So dey sen dem awai an INVISIBLE MICROPHONE:

"D00ds! Wut we gunna do! Everywun saw dis, even witout Teevee bein inventeded yet! We can has fail!

Oh. I know. We gunna tell dem not to speek in dis naim anymoar!

Den dey cawlded dem bak an sed, "J00 newbs dun tawk abut Jebus anymoar."

But Peter an John hawmoneeusly sed bak, "LOL, who we gunna lissen to, Ceiling Cat or joo? lol!

We gunna keep tawkin, so yu gunna keep lissenin!"

Den duh impowtan kittehs hiss an spit but den dey let em go. An dey cud not think of how to poonish dem becuz dey mad lots ov kittehs happeh! Dey be dansin now! WAI!

Duh ex-lamez0r kitteh was lik fowty yeers owd! lol

Den Peter an John go bak an tattel on teh cheef preests an stuffz.

Den dey all had invisble tawk to Ceiling Cat togedder an dey sed, "Kewl Ceiling Cat, yu so awsum! Yu make everthin, srsly! Yu mak cheezburgers for us and stuff. Rly.

Yu in David's mouf, makin him sing,
		'Wai do nashuns be angree an mak bad plans

An odder kings an leeders an stuff all try to be meen to Ceiling Cat
		an be meen to his annowtainted wun!'

Yu see, Herod and Pontius Pilate an odder peepl, both joocat and notjoocat made bad plans aganst Jebus who yu annowtainted.

Yu wer in der boddehs, fulfillin profisie.

An even doh dey mak meen wowds, yu gunna mak yu sewvants wis and stuff k?

Oh! An yeh, sum kewl twicks can has help too! lol"

An aftah dey had invisible tawk teh HoverCat wuz in all of dem, srsly.

Dood, teh kittehs shaird, srsly. All ov it.

An teh apawsals kept tawkin bout Jebus all teh time an it wuz so good

dat all teh kittehs had plenti of cheezburgers an cookiez, rly. An sumtiems teh kittehs sowd all dey ownd

an dey put it at teh apawsals paws an dey took it an gav it to kittehs witout stuff. It wuz so awsum, lol.

An dis wun awesum kitteh naimd Joseph, him wuz a Levite frum Cyprus, an fo sum reesown dey call him Barnabas, an

undefined

Okai, lissen up. Der wuz dis kitteh naimd Ananias an him has a wif naim Sapphira. An dey also sowd sum land, rly.

OMG! Sapphira nu dis, an Ananias kep sum monee frum teh chawch. Him can has profitz. Him tak teh res ov teh monee an put it at teh paws of teh apawsals. lol.

An Peter wuz so smrt, him sed, "Yo Ananias, dood, Basement Cat so has yu. Basement Cat is in ur hart, makin yu keep teh profits.

Wai yu do dis. Yu ownd teh land befor an yu stil do dis? Wow, j00 stoopid. Cuz yu lie to not onlee kittehs, but to Ceiling Cat. Do not want!

Den Ananias mak ded. lol.

An oder kittehs com an put him in shoobocks an buree him.

An tree howahs latr Sapphias com in.

An Peter sezm "Oh hai! Teh monee yu giv, is dat wut yu can has frum teh land sowd?" An Sapphira sez bak, "Yep!"

An Peter sed bak, "LOL, dum! Yu lie to Ceiling Cat! Yu see teh pawpwints. Dey buree ur husban, an gess wha? Yu nex, lol. kthnxbai!

Den Sapphira mak ded. lol. An oder kittehs com an put her in shoobocks an buree her.

An teh chawch wuz scairdy kittehs nao!

Teh apawsals do lotz of twickz an dey heel kittehs, lol. An dey met in Solomon's Colonnade.

An dey wer veree pawpoolar, but dey had INVISIBLE FRENS cuz dey wer scairdy kittehs.

But stil kittehs beleev an dey can has faif an dey addeded to teh chawch. Srsly!

An teh sick kittehs, dey wer put in teh streetz on kitteh beds cuz dey wan shadow ov Peter to go on dem.

Der wer lotz of kittehs der, all teh way frum not Joorusalem. Dey even browt kittehs wif DarkKittehs in dem. Eep!

Teh Sadooshies git mad an dey git jelus. lol, stoopid.

Oh noes! Dey put teh apawsals in jale.

An yay, AngelKitteh com an let dem escaip frum jale. LOL, dat showd dem!

"Yu can has freedum, tel deh oder kittehs bout teh knu lief."

Dey lissen to teh AngelKitteh teh nex day an preech an teh Hai Preest luk in teh jale.

INVISIBLE APAWSALS! LOL!

Dey go bak an sed, "We can has empty jale, sry, lol. We open teh jale an everythin, not der!"

An teh capn go "Nuuuuuuuuuu!" An everywun wundah wat com nex. INVISIBLE FUTURE, lol

Den sumwun cam an sed, "Oh hai. Dood, dey in teh tempel cowts preechin. Luk!"

Dey bring teh apawsals but dey dint hurt em cuz dey dint want teh oder kittehs to throw teh kitteh littr at dem.

Qwestun tiem for teh apawsals!

"Doods, we sed dun preech. But yu go an do it anyway, stoopid!"

Peter an teh oder apawsals sey bak, "No. Yu stoopid

Ceiling Cat mad Jebus not ded, k?

An Ceiling Cat put Jebus nex to his kitteh bed an mak it so him can tak awai INVISIBLE ERROR an mak it al okai, k?

An luk, we can has HoverCat, an we see dis stuff. Srsly."

An teh impowtan kittehs hiss an spit. Dey wan to claw teh apawsals ded.

But a Phairysee naim Gamaliel, wuz a teecha, an sed "No. Wait. Put dem owtsied."

Den him tawk, "Dood, be carful, rly.

Membah dat kitteh naim Theudas who had forhundred kittehs? Dood, him wuz mad ded, an him kittehs jus go awai.

An yu membah Judas an Galilean. Dey be goin to teh sensus, makin a reevowt. But him wuz mad ded an his kittehs jus go awai.

Jus let deez kittehs go. If dey jus doin dis for demselfs dey gunna jus go awai.

Dey may be wif Ceiling Cat, rly! An den yu be makin fite wif teh big wun an yu jus gunna los. Rly."

An his speech mak dem agwee, an den dey cawl teh apawsals in an dey scrach em bad! Den dey sed, "Dun tawk bowt Jebus."

An teh apawsals lef an dey danse! Dey danse to teh lef an to teh rite. Dey wer happeh cuz dey got hurteded for Baby Jesus.

undefined

During time wen deesipels wer gettin moar deesipels, teh Greasin Joos wer complaynin.  Dey sed Heebrayk Joos wer gettin moar fud for der windows.

Teh Twelv got awl deesipels togethr an sed, "dis stoopid.  We wurship Ceiling Cat, knot bring cookies.

Bros.  Chooz seven guys full uf spearamint and wizdum.  We maek dem maek cookies

wile we pray n stuf."

Dis pleezes dem.  Dey chooz Steevn, Filip, Prorororos, Nikanur, Tymin, Pancreas, and Nikolas.

Dey show dem to Apossulz, who preyd and laid on dem.

So dey spred Ceiling Cat wurdz.  An dey gets bunches moar deesipels in Joosalem, an teh preests do wut dey told.

Steevn wuz full uf Ceiling Cat power.  He mayd majix for teh ppl.

But teh Joos of Styrene an Alekzanderia an Silly-see-ya an Ayja getted pissd.  Dey argoo wif Steevn

but dey wuz all pwned bi Steevn's wizdum and spearamint.

Dey say to uthr mans, "Shhhh, dis sekrit!  Steevn hates Ceiling Cat.  Oh, an Mozus.  kthnks."

So ppl gets pissd at Steevn.  Dey taked him to da Salmonheedrin.

And dey brung liarz who sed, "Dis dude sez he hates laws an holes.

He sez Jebus of Nazbatazz will pwn dis playce an take away da stuffs we gots frum Mozus."

undefined

Den teh high preest axed him, "Iz true?"  (How cum PREEST kan gets HIGH?)

An Steevn sayded:  "Yo bros and papas, peep dis.  Teh Ceiling Cat appearded to owr old man Abrahamsammich wen he wuz in teh Messed-up Tamia, befor he mooved to Haran.

'Leaf yur contry an pplz an stufs,' Ceiling Cat sed, 'an go over heer.'

"So he hopped teh nex trane to Haran.  Afta hiz pops wer made ded, Ceiling Cat sended him to dis plase we at rite now.

He didnt gave Abrahamsammich ne munneys or lands.  But Ceiling Cat swored dat his baybeez wud pwn teh hole shebang, evin tho Abrahamsammich had no baybeez. (Lolwut?)

Ceiling Cat sed:  'Yur baybeez will bee teh NOT WANT uf teh contry, an dey will bee slavs an treeted in NOT GOOD wayz.  Oh, an dats how it gonna bee for forty yeers times ten!

But I wills pwn teh nayshun taht maks dem slavs, so no biggie.  An afta dat, dey will leev dat nashun an come wurship Me in dis playce rite heer.'

Den teh Ceiling Cat gived Abrahamsammich teh convent uf circlestishun.  An Abrahamsammich had a baybee an circlestized him eight daze ltr.  Teh baybee was Izack, an Izack had a baybee namd Jaycub, an Jaycub had twelv baybeez hoo became teh paytreearks.

"An cuz teh paytreearks wuz jellus uf Joesef, dey selled him too Ejipped for teh slaving.  But Ceiling Cat had Joesef's back

an saveded him frum his trubbles.  He gived Joesef wizdum (but NO SPEARAMINT!) so teh Ejippeds king Fairoh wud be liek: 'Rule my Ejippeds an my stufs.'

"An den teh hungree-time came to teh Ejipped an Caynan, wif teh suffring and teh no fud.

Wen Jaycub herd dat der wuz fuds in Ejipped, he told owr papas teh paytreearks 'DO WANT!'  Dey vizit Ejipped.

Den dey vizits agen an Joesef sez 'I iz yur bro-hemes,' an he telled Fairoh 'bout hiz famleez.

An Joesef say 'Breeng Jaycub an hole famleez heer!' an all seventee plus five show up.

Den Jaycub an owr papas livd in Ejipped until dey wer made ded.

Ther deded boddees wer put in a toomb taht Abrahamsammich had bawted frum teh Hamor baybeez
at teh Shechem.

"So wile it getting clos to time fer Ceiling Cat to keep bargin wif Abrahamsammich, der wuz getting moar an moar uf owr peeps in Ejipped.

Den teh Fairoh wents away an Ejipped gots anuthr king hoo did knot no Joesef.

He wuz a meenie an made owr forepapas throw owt der baybeez to make dem ded.

An Mozus wuz baybee at dat time an he waznt liek teh rest of teh childs.  He livd wif his papa for three munths

befor he wuz put outside to make ded, but teh new Fairoh's dawter fownd him an razed him as her own baybee.

Mozus wuz learnded by the Ejipped ppl an wuz gud at teh speeching an doing.

"Wen Mozus was four timez ten yeerz old, he went too vizit hiz peeps.

He sawded one uf dem beeng pwnd by an Ejippedshun, so he maed teh Ejipped man ded.

Mozus thawt dat hiz fello Izreelites wud see dat Ceiling Cat wuz uzing him to be helping dem, but it not happn.

Teh nex day, he sees two Izreelites throwin down.  He tryed to maek dem NOT WANT bi saying: 'U two r bro-hemes.  Y do u want to pwn eech othur?  Hugz time now?'

"But teh one guy sez to Mozus: 'Yur knot teh boss uf me!

Do u wanna pwn me liek u pwnd taht Ejipped dood yesturday?'

Wen Mozus hearded dis, he DID NOT WANT an mooved to Mideean an had two boi baybeez.

"Afta for timez ten yeers passded, Mozus wuz in teh dessert neer Mownt Sinus an sawed a baybee tree on teh firez!  Wif ainjel in it!

'ZOMG!' seded Mozus.  He lukd kloser an hurd teh voys uf teh Ceiling Cat:

'I iz teh Ceiling Cat uf yur daddiez, teh Ceiling Cat of Abrahamsammich, Izak, an Jaycub.'  Mozus wuz ascared and atremblin.  He no look.

"Teh Ceiling Cat sed to him, 'Taek off yur skandals!  Yur standin on mah hole ground!

I haz seen teh pwning uf mah ppl in teh Ejipped.  I haz hurd thur DO NOT WANT and haz cum down to sets dem free.  Go bak to Ejipped now.  kthnksbai.'

"Dis be teh same Mozus hoo dey rejektud wif da werdz:  'You knot boss uf me!'  Ceiling Cat sent him to bee thur roolur throo teh ainjel in teh baybee tree on teh firez.

He leeded dem owt of Ejipped an did teh majix in teh Ejipped an maed teh red watter moov thing happn, an for for timez ten yeers in teh dessert.

"Dis is teh Mozus hoo told teh Izreelites:  'Ceiling Cat wil sended u a profit liek me frum yur own ppls.'

Him wuz in teh assembleez in teh dessert, wif teh ainjel taht tawk too hims on teh Mownt Sinus, an wif r papas;  An he sended us wurds dat wer alive!  (EW!)

"But ourz faver kittehs dontz lisenz. Dey dis him an go Egypt. (Bad peeplez)

Dey telled Aaron, 'Maked uz Ceiling Cats whoz goez baforez uz. srsly Az forez Mozus whoz leadedz uz fromz Egyptz weez dontz knowz whatz happeded too himz.' srsly

Dayz maded baybeh moocowz idolz. Dey taked sacrificez too baybeh moocowz idol and holded celebrashun in honerz of moocowz idol. srsly

Ceiling Cat turneded wayz and giveded dems to deh Ceilingly bodeez. srsly Dis agreez wif writed stuffz in deh bookz of deh profets:


undefined

"Arez fourfaverz (taugt Iz luckyz wif one!!!) had tabernackle tingyz ofz tesfomonyz wif dem in desert. It waf madez likez ceiling cat orderezded Mozus 'cordin to teh patternez he sawed!

Having gotted the tabernackle (twy sayingz dat wif a traigt facez!) arez favers undered Joshua brinded itz wif dem wen deyz takeded da landz fwom da natinz Ceiling cat drived awayz b4 dem. It stayded in da land untilz Davidz,

whoez enjoyededz ceiling catz favorz and askeded dat he getz too maked a hoaze forz Jacobz.

Butz Solmenanz makeded da hoaze fored Jacobz.

Butz most high (dats da cat wif catnipz...nom nom nom...) don lived in haozez maded by guyz. Az profetz sehs:

"'Da ceiling is miez trone, and da urfz my footpadz. Whatz haoze u maked forz meh? Says Ceiling cat. Oar wherez will miez westing pwace beez?

Haz meh paw not makeded all tings?

Yuz fermz-fifted peepz, wif unholeez hartz an eerz! Yuz likez yur faverz: You alwaz dis da Ceiling cat!

Wav derez ever a profet yur faverz no dis? Dey eved maked ded dose onez who toldz of da richous one coming! Noaz you maked ded him

yuz who gettedz da rulez dat was maded so by da BirdKats but you noes lisens!

Whenz dey heerded dis dey were pissed an makeded evilz faecez at da peep.

Butz Stevan, filleded wif da Ceiling Cat lookeded upz tooz da ceiling anz seed da gloreez of Ceiling Cat and Jebus standing paw to paw wif Ceiling Cat.

"Seez," he sayeded, "Iz seez da ceiling opin ans da sonz of da Ceiling Cat standin paw to paw wif Ceiling Cat."

At dis dey covereded derez eerz and yelleigz atz da topz of dere voicez dey all runneded really fast atz himz,

an draggeding himz outz da cityz and stoneded himz. While da peepz watchin all putted dere clovez at do footeez of a d00d nameded Saulz.

undefined

An' Sawl wuz der, givin' uproovl to hiz deth.

Sum nais catz madeded a berrial foar 5tephen, an' dey wer sadz, sayin' stiuffz liek "WAI DID YEW HAV TWO GOEZ?!?"

But dose kitties, dey wer distracteded becawz Sawl stardeded two kyl da church! He putteded all da church-goen kitties in jael.

Dose catz who got scaterd toald evrybodee dey met 'bout T3h Word. So Filip, he went two Sammyra and preechd der too.

undefined

Win da udder kittehs frum Sammy sawd Filip doin CEILIN' CAT MAGIC! (but wuz not majik, wuz merukel, silee!) Dey pade atenshun two him.

And dose catz wit EBUL! spearits in der heart, dey wer frede, but not befoar EBUL! spearits maded laod noies. And also, da cripplz and da parliddikz wer heeld.

So der wuz graet joi in dat sidee.

So dis cat naimd Simon, he livd in Sammyra foar long time. He wuz teh MAGIC!cat, but also wuz cawld Soarcer, bekuz is shorter den MAGIC!cat. But ineewais, he makeded da kitties uv Sammyra liek hiz trix, an' he cawld hizzelf Cool Cat,

an' bofe rich an' pore kittehs gaev all der atenshun two him. Dey sed, "Dis gai iz liek Ceiling Cat!"

An' dey folloed him bekuz he makeded shainee majikz.

But win Filip got der, an' he spakeded about Ceilin' Cat an' Happy Cat, an' all da catz gots likd-cleen, even t3h gurl-catz!

Even Soarcer Simon beleevd an' wuz kleend in t3h watrz. An' he folloed Filip evrywer, an' he wuz amazd and razldazld bai all da merukels and sains he sawd.

When da Possles in Jerryslam herd dat Sammyra axeptd T3h Word, dey send Peter an John over dere.

Dey praid two Ceiling Cat for da peepl two get HoverCat'd,

bkuz dey wer naut HoverCat'd yet (dey wur only licked-kleen in da naim uv t3h Ceiling Cat).

So Peter an John maded da Sammyra-catz get HoverCat'd.

An' Simon da Soarcer saw dat da kittiez got HoverCat'd when Peter an' John pokeded dem, and he had munee, so

he sed, "If I givz u munee, wil u givz me dis power so I cn givz peepl t3h HoverCat two?"

An' Peter rplied, "U shudd dai wif ur money, bkuz u tinkz u can bai t3h Ceiling Cat's POWER!

U ar naut a prt uv dis bkuz ur heart iz not right wiff t3h Ceiling Cat.

Maybee u can unhurt Ceiling Cat's feelngz if yew pray an' say sry. Dat shudd make ur heart right.

I can see insaid u, an' ur heart iz very biddr an' a priznr two S!N.

T3h Soarcer sed, "Plz pray foar me bkuz DO NOT WANT die wiff munee."

Wen Peter an' John wer dun in Sammyra, dey wint two Smaritan places two tell 'bout Ceiling Cat.

Den a WingCat sed to Filip, "Go south tru da dezrt an' go two Gaza."

So Filip, he meeted a nootrd Abyssinian kitteh, an da nootrd Abyssianin kitteh wuz in charj uv t3h muneez uv t3h Ethyopyun queen Candy. Da nootrd kitteh wuz goin' two Jerryslam two wurship t3h Ceiling Cat,

an' on hiz wai hoem in hiz charryut he wuz raedin t3h bukk uv Isaiah da Profffit.

Dat saem WingCat told Filip, "Go an' stai by dat charryut."

So Filip went two da charryut an' herd da gai reedin' Isaiah out loud (WTF?! hoo reeds outloud in charryuts?). An' Filip sed two da unuk, "Do yew get what yewr reeding?"

Da unuk sed, "Naut reely bkuz nobodee asplaynd it two me." Da nootrd kitteh letted Filip ried wif him in da charryut.

Da unuk wuz reedin' dis part:
An he wuz leeded liek a shepe two da slodder,
an' kinda like lamz doan't yell win gedding a haircut,
he wuz quiet liek dat.

He wuz slodderd wiffout dignity,
so nobudee tokks bout his kidz,
bkuz iz not heer to heer it.

Da unuk wuz liek, "Iz he tokking bout hizzelf? Or summbudee elsz?

An' Filip yewzd hiz skillz two start wiff dat part an den go on two asplayn all bout Happy Cat.

Den laydr dey caem two sum wadder. Da unuk sed, "DO NOT WANT wadder, but wai naut get likd-cleen nao?

Filip sed "If yew beleev bout Ceiling Cat, yew can do it." Da nootrd kitteh rplyed, "I buleev Happy Cat iz t3h son of Ceiling Cat."

Da nootrd kitteh tolded da charryut two stop.  Den boaf Filip an da nootrd kitteh wented daon in da wadder and Filip likded-cleen da nootrd kitteh.

undefined

At sametimez Saul still wuz sayin bad stufs aganst Ceiling Cat's 'sciples. He goed to high preest

He askd high preest for ledderz to teh sinamagogz in Damascus, so if he foundz ne menz or womenz who followed Ceiling Cat, he could taek dem be puts in Jerusalem jale.

As he wuz on teh way to Damascus, all of suddens lite appear! Lite frum Ceiling, zomg!

Saul gotz skeerd so he fells to ground and Ceiling Cat speekz. "Saul, wtf, why u hurtz me?"

"Who is u?", Saul asks."

Ceiling Cat sez, "I iz Jebus, ftw! And u iz hurting me an my peeps. u must go to teh city, u will getz instrukshunz der."

Teh othur guiz Saul waz travlins wit were like, "Um k, wtf?", cuz they hurd Ceiling Cat but din't see Him.

Saul got up from teh gwound but he reelize that he culdn't see nuthing cuz crazie lite mades him blind. So teh othur guiz helped Saul gets rest of wai to Damascus.

Saul blind for free days, and during dese days he not drink or eats foodz. Not even cheezburger!

In Damascus ther waz 'sciple by naem of Ananias. Ceiling Cat spoke to him in vishun. Ananias anserd an sed, "Oh hai! What up?"

Ceiling Cat sed, "There is howse of Judas on Straight Street. U mus goes cuz ther man from Tarsus naemd Saul, and he iz praeyin.

I shoewd him vishun, and in vishun you putted your hans on him and gived him back his site."

Ananias anserd. "But I has heards stuff bout this gui. Isn't he dat guy who was pwning your saintz an stuff?

And he haz comes here with cheef preestz 'thority to putz your peeps in jale! Iz I not rite?"

Ceiling cat says "Yes, he waz but he differn now. I has maded him to followz me an speak in my naem to teh Gentiles, ther kingz and Israel peeps.

I shoewz him how much he mus suffur for mah name. No worriez, kk?"

So Ananias wented to howse. He foundz Saul and dids wut Ceiling Cat say. He place hans on Saul. Ananias sed, "Hai Saul, Ceiling Cat, who pwnded your eyez with crazie lite, sented me to u so you cans be filld with teh Hover Cat. kk? You can has site bak."

Then weerd scaly thingz fell frum Saul's eyes. Saul seez again, ftw!!! Furst thing he do: he getz baptisd.

Saul spend lotz dayz with teh 'sciples in Damascus.

Whiel he waz der he speaks about Ceiling Cat n' stuf in teh sinamagogs.

All teh peepz who wer lisnin' were like "wtf is dis?! I thot dis iz teh guy who waz pwning Ceiling Cat peepz in Jerusalem? Why he speek good thingz n' stuff about Ceiling Cat now?"

Even tho peepz were like "wtf", he getted more wizdumb in Ceiling Cat stuff, and kepd preechin' stuff to Jews in Damascus.

Moar dayz go by, and Jews got 'spishus and plotted to kill Saul.

But Saul figurded out ther plan! For a few dayz, Jews watchded city gaets in case Saul tryd to 'scape.

But der wer peepz who lieked Saul. They put him in baskit an lowerd him outsied city. Saul 'scape!

Saul wented bak to Jerusalem, an he tryd to join teh 'sciples there, cept they were like "omg" cuz they din't beleeve he camez to be Ceiling Cat's 'sciple.

But Barnabas talkd with the 'sciples an tolded them all 'bout how Saul camez to be Ceiling Cat's 'sciple too cuz of teh crazie lite on teh wai to Damascus.

So the 'sciples beleeved Barnabas, and tehy let Saul stai wit dem. Togedder tehy preeched teh Gospel in Jerusalem, in teh name of Ceiling Cat!

Tehn Saul preeched to Grecian Jews. They were like "diz guy needs a good pwning. He iz not of Ceiling Cat!"

Teh other 'sciples herd this, so tehy taeks Saul to Caesarea and sended him to Tarsus, away from crazi ppl.

Tehn all of churches, Judea, Galilee, Samaria, tehy all getz tiem of peace! Hover Cat Kitteh strengthinz churches; moar Ceiling Cat pplz cames to be. Yay!

As Peter travld arown teh countree, he goed to visit teh saints in Lydda.

In Lydda man naemd Aeneas. He crippel; he cans not move, n' he been crippel for ate yeerz. ATE YEERZ!

Peter talkted to dat gui. "Hay gui, Ceiling Cat maeks you has movement. u nots be crippel nemore, lol, u mus now get up, you unnastanz?" Aeneas tryd to get up. And wht u noes!!!!! He canz! He no moar crippel!

All teh pplz who lievd in Lydda and Sharon saw wut happen; they wer liek, "Praiez teh Lowrd!".

In Joppa, tehre waz a laydee. Hir name Tabitha. She waz a good ppl! She helpd poor ppl.

'Cept she getted sick and dide! Oh noes! Hur corpz waz plaecd in a room in the uppur flor.

Lyyda, o'courz iz neer Joppa, so it waz not long 'till wurd got aroun to Peter.

So Peter wented to Joppa an went to teh houws whaer Tabitha was ded. Tehr waz widowz. tehy all crowdud 'roun Peter, and craid. Tehy also shoewd Peter closthez n' stuf tat Tabitha maded wen she wuz not ded.

Peter told teh widows to scram. So tehy did. Tehn Peter neelded down an praed. He lookd at teh corpz an waz liek, "Hay, Ceiling Cat makez u unpwned. u getz up kkthx!" Tabitha stopd beein ded and Peter help'd hir get up. Tehn he sed to teh beleevirz and widowz to come inz and see wut Ceiling Cat had helpd him do.

Noos of Tabitha's rezurrecktshun spred throo Joppa. Lotz of ppl starded beeleeving in Ceiling Cat.

undefined

At Cezarea der wuz a d00d naemd Catnelius n he wuz da "big cat" in da Regimans.

He n hiz famileh luvd Ceiling Cat n talkd 2 him daileh n gave cookiez to kittehs who wuz liek "I has be in need."

One dai durin kitteh litter time he sees sum craezy-azz vishuns.

Catnelius wuz liek "oh shaet LOL"

Teh anjul sed "Ur praers n cookiez has be a memorial offerin 2 da Ceiling Cat.

Now send sum peeps 2 git Simon (most catz call em Peter, idk y).

Ya git hiz azz ova hear."

Wen teh anjul lef Catnelius got 2 d00ds n a Gawd-freain soulja. H gaev em teh dirt on Ceiling Cat n send em 2 Joppa.

Teh nex dai Peter wuz talkn 2 Ceiling Cat on teh roof.

Den he sez "I has hunger n I want sumtin 2 eatz."

He saw a big sheet like peepz hav on deir bedz.

It has animulz on its wit teh 4 feetz.

Den a voice (Ceiling Catz I think) sez 2 Pete, "Git up, Peter. Can has cheezburger."

Peter sez, "uh-uh, Loard, I dont eatz teh unclaen."

Den God wuz piszed n hes liek, "Do not call teh cheezburger unclaen dat I has made claen."

Repeat step 13-15 three tiemz.

While Petey wuz wunderin bout teh vishunz, sum d00ds is stopped at teh gaet.

"Haysup," dey sez, "Were iz Simon (most catz call em Peter but idk why)?"

Whiel Pete wuz still thinkin, Ceiling Cat sez "Hay, 3 d00ds r lookin 4 u.

Git yo azz up n go downstaers."

Peter went downstaers n sed "Wut do u want."

Dey sez, "We has come from Catnelius da "big cat" from teh Regimans. He iz teh right-ness God-freain d00d. Da Ceilin Cat made uz come get u."

undefined

Teh gud kittehs in Judea hurd bowt Gentiles getin cheezburgerz from Ceiling Cat.

So wen Peter wuz off to Jerusalem, teh kittehs wit cut pen13 gotz mad

an sez, "BAD KITTEH! Yu eated cheezburgerz with catz can haz no cut pen13."

Peter iz all:

"I wuz preyin in Joppa an seed pikshurez in mai hed. Liek Ceiling cat wuz maekin teh bed aroun me.

I seed lotz of aminalz an moocowz and burds on teh blankt.

Then some1 sez, 'O hai, Peter. Pwn and eatz.'

"I sez, 'WTF Ceiling Cat! I no can haz eat bad foodsez.'

"Invisibul voice iz all, 'Don diss foodsez I maked. N00b.'

An it kep happenin.

"K and then BFz form Caesarea cameded to teh house.

Invisibul voice sez go with tehm. An there littermaytz too, an we goed to a manz place.

Him seed an anjul wut telled him, 'Git Simon from Joppa but naem iz reelly Peter lol.

Him gotz a msg will bring cheezburgrs to ur bukkit.'

"So I wuz sayen, but then Invisibul Cat pwned tehm liek me.

An ai membered Ceiling Cat sayed: 'John washt yu with watr, an yu wuz all WTF! I DUN LIEK WET ON FURZ!, NP, you can haz washt with Invisibul Cat tihs tiem.'

So Invisibul Cat gived tehm saem cheezburgerz az us, I must be sum kind of n00b LOL!!!1"

An tehy ar all srry and liek, "Ceiling Cat can gievs cheezburgerz evn to Gentile catzes."

Catzes who roamded cuz of Stephen getting pwned gotz far as Phoenicia, Cyprus and Antioch LOL! Tehy were only haz talks wit Jewz.

But not all. Sum catz form Greek were kewl with can talks to Greek d00dz.

Ceiling Catz paw wuz on tehm, and tehy maed lots ppl frenz wit Ceiling Cat.

PPl in Jerusalem heared, an maed Barnabas go to Antioch.

He seed abowt teh cheezburgerz of ceiling Cat, an he wuz all catnip.

Gud cat. GUD CAT!

Barnabas stalkt Saul in Tarsus,

an pounced, an pwnt him an browt him to Antioch. So tehy chillt for a yeer wit teh ppl there. Tehy were liek, "Letz call us Christshunz", so tehy did.

Moer ppls came to Antioch LOL!

Invisibul Cat maked Agabus sed that ther can haz no eatz in Rome for a whiel.

Gud catz sent stuff to Judea.

undefined

Nowz teh FatzCat Herod arrested dem kittenz in teh Ceiling Cat'z church, meaning to bei liek "Im in ur churchz, perzecutin ur pplz.

Herod haz James, broz to John, and he liek, pwnz him wit haz blades (LOLWPNWD!!1)

Wehn Herod seez teh Jeuwz has hap1ness, he gos and liek grabz Peter 2 (zomg).

Wehn he haz arrezted Peter, Herod is liek "ZOMG, l0ckdown!" n haz hem put in teh prisonz.  Peter haz so much importance he haz take f0ur packz of d0gcatz to gaurdz him.  Herod wanz so much to put Peter on bench and be like ZOMG Trialz! after the Passover.

Church praiz 2 Ceiling Cat for Peter. ZOMG, Peterz in jail.

Peterz sleepin' tied up between 2 burly men cuz he likes it like that.

Angelcat suddenly appearz an sez: Wake up! An cuz burly men didn't tie Peter up well teh chains fell off him. Oh an ceiling cat appears, defying ur gravity.

Den angelcat sez, "U can haz clothes, lol." n peter did so. "Get ur cloak n follow, d00d," angelcat sed.

Peter thought he woz on LSD

No1 could see Peterz and teh gates opened magically! But he wazn't really high

Peter sez: Ceiling Cat saved me! Whoo!

Cuz he woz on a mission from Ceiling Cat he went an' got his peeps.

He knocked on their door and his luva Rhoda answered

She woz happy to see him and cried out even tho Peter woz a fugitive and that woz n00bish

No1 believed her, cuz she was high

Peter kept knocking cuz teh peeps were too stoned to answer teh door. When they did they all where like WTF?

Peter told them his story then sed: BRING ME JAMES and ran away cuz he woz a tease

In the morning teh burly men were like: Where's our man-bitch?

Herod killed teh guards & burly men, coz he woz mean & didn't like teh man-love.

After teh murder Herod listened to sum men beg for food.

Den he sat on his thr0ne and spoke to teh l33ts

Teh l33ts sed: Ceiling Cat stole UR man-bitch!

Den becuz Herod did not praise Ceiling Cat, an angel wuz liek "STFU noob" and Herod wuz wormfood. Srsly, wow.

The word of Ceiling Cat spred. Srsly.

undefined

And Ceiling Cat'z church had proffits and teachers and ninjas and stuff, like Barnabas and that Simeon guy, Lucius (not frum Harry Potter, nother guy), and Manean (wuz bff wif Herod when they wuz kidz). O ya, and Saul, cuz he rox.

Wun tiem, dey wuz singing meows 2 teh Ceiling Cat and not eating cheezburgrz  and Ceiling Cat sez, "I get dibbs on Barnabas and Saul to do mah chores, kthx".

Den all teh church kittehs sez 2 Barnabas and Saul, "Yus heard him. Hav funs. An hey Ceiling Cat, plz keep dem sayf, kthxbye."

So Barnabas and Saul rode invisible bikes alls around n followd direckshuns HovrCat gav dem. Dey went ta some place whut start wif S an den Cyprus.

Den dey went to Salamis (wtf, leik at teh deli mebbe?) an dey talk about Jezus 2 da J00s. And John wuz der halper, srsly.

Dey went all round eylend til dey got to Paphos. At Paphos dey met a J00 sorcerah, oh noes!!
Him name wuz Bar-Jezus,

and him werk 4 mr. proconsul mans. Proconsul wuz smrt an wuz liek "I can has word of Ceiling Cat frum Saul an Barnabas?"

But da sorcerah wus like "Noes, cuz dey is stoopid."

Den Saul (hiz othr nam wuz Paul) got teh power-up frum HovrCat an sez,

"Yu r horrible an bad, sorcerah. Yu nevar does anyfing good and tricks everbuddy all teh teim. When wills yu stop tryin to maek Ceilin Cat luk bad?

And, no duh! Teh sorcerah wuz blinded. Him tried to find sumone to halp him, but nobuddy wud.

Teh procunsol sez "Dis is Ceiling Cat, srsly. Whut Paul sez bout him is tru."

Meanwhiels, Paul and da otter d00dz gotted in boats n went 2 Perga. John sed bai an went hoem.

But everoen els wuz liek "j/k Perga" and goes to Pisidian Antioch 2 goes to j00-church for Caturday servis.

Da rabbis wuz liek "Iz open mic tiem for Paul an his frends".

So Paul waved at dem an sez "Hey d00dz, lissen!

Ceiling Cat pickeded our dads for hiz favs. Him tak dem outta Egypt all saf,

and even puts up wit dem when deys did stoopid stuffs fer 40 yeerz in da desert,

and den him taeks teh land frum 7 cuntries and givez it 2 us.

It took for-evah. Srlsy.

And when de d00ds asked for a king, him gaevs dem wun.

Den Ceiling Cat maed teh king die cuz he wuz fail. Ceilin Cat maed David king, an sez  'David an me, we is bffs.'

"An from teh babiez David wuz makin comed baby Jezus, an hez teh kitten dat Ceiling Cat sed he wud giv us for teh savin frum Invisable Errors.

Jonh teh Baptst cam furst and talkded to all teh J00s bout washin der soulz an turnin round der lifes.

Wen he wuz almos dun, he sed, 'Who yu think I be? I iz not teh kitten of Ceiling Cat yu want find. Hez cumin later an he bes so leet i no can tuch hiz shoos wifout bein ded if he no sez okayz.'

"D00dz an gurlz, ppl frum Izreal an udder ppl who follow teh Ceiling Cat, we iz teh wuns Ceiling Cat pickeded to get msg of savin!! Iz so cool i almost splode sumtiems thinkin bout it!

D00dz in Jerusalem no saw who Jezus be, but when dey pwnd him, dey did whut proffits sed loooong teim ago! Yu kno whut dem wurds is, cuz yu reed dem evry Caturday!

Jeruselam d00dz no saw Jezus do bad stuffs, but tehy hads Pilate pwn hims just cuz dey wuz mad bout whut Jezus sed.

Aftur pwn him jus leik proffits sed, dey put hims in teh ground.

An Ceiling Cat maed hims respawn

an lotsa d00dz saw hims and talked wif hims, and dey was all leik 'wtf?!', an dey is still talk bout him to ppl.

"We iz tell yu that teh good stuffs whut Ceilin Cat sed to our daddehs

he did fer us kidz wen he gaves us Jezus. Leik sez in Psalm 2,

"Ceiling Cat respawnd hims so hims nevar be smelly an gross leik rodkill. An Ceiling Cat sed,

"An sumwhar els David teh king sed,


"David got ded an got nasty an stinky an buried in da urf,

but teh respawnd kitteh nevar had tiem to get nasty cuz Ceiling Cat wuz liek, "Tree daz ded is a kewl symbul ov stuff so no moar."

D00dz an gurlz, all dose thins iz tellin yu Jezus iz teh way tu get furgivn fur Invisable Errors!

Him iz erase all yur errors so Ceiling Cat no see dem! (even tho Ceilin Cat seez evryfin, Jezus be like, "iz cool. i got dat," an Ceilin Cat be like, "lol, okies, i ignor.")

B watchin yurself so yu not liek dis:

"Ceilin Cat sez, 'Luk, n00bz,
watch meh pwn yu wif my god-powarz ov awsum!
I'ma do maor awsum stuffs then yu cn think uv,
an if sumbuddy sed whut i'ma do, yu wud laugh cuz yu iz stoopid.'

Wen Paul n Barnabas goed owt, ppl wur leik, "Hey d00dz, cum bak nex Caturday! Want MOAR wurdz bout Ceilin Cat an Jezus!!"

Wen teh groop ov ppl leeved, teh Jews goed wif Paul an Barnabas, an dey gived dem moar wurdz bout teh Ceiling Cat, an telled dem tu wrship him.

Teh nex Caturday, all teh kittehs caem tu heer bout Ceiling Cat an Jezus.

But wen teh Jews saw dis, dey wuz liek, "WTF! WAI DEY LISSEN TU DEM! HE NOT SAY GUD TINGZ!

Den Paul an Barnabus wuz liek: "We telled yuz furst, but yuz wuz liek, "No, itz not tru.", so now we tellz teh Gentiles. Dey gunna get, liek nine bazillion lievs, but yuz only gets wun.

Cuz dis iz wut teh Ceiling Cat telled us:
 " 'I maked yuz a lite fr teh Gentiles,
 so dat yuz give cheezburgrz to all teh urfs.' "

So den teh Gentiles wuz liek, "WEZ TEH BEST, N00BS!", an dey lissen tu teh Ceiling Cat; an dey all got teh nine bazillion liefs.

So teh wurdz ov teh Ceiling Cat goed all ovr.

But teh Jews no liek dees tingz, so dey got all teh TopCats tu make Paul an Barnabas leev.

So dey just goed tu Iconium insted. But dey wuz not hapee fr leeving.

undefined

kk, so teh saem ting happun in Iconium. Paul an Barnabas went to teh tempul an preechded so gud dat lots ov kittehs becaem Kittetians.

Sum ov teh bad kittehs changeded Ceiling Cat's messuj an liek poisond teh mindz of teh kittehs against Paul and Barnabas.

But dey wer der long tiem in teh town, preachin teh grace of Ceiling Cat. An Paul an Barnabas got liek powrs to do meericles an stuf, srsly.

But soem peeps sited wif teh Jewcats, an soem wif teh apawsles.

Den a lots ov kittehs deesided to be ghey an thro rocks at dem.

Wen teh apawsles fownd owt, dey ran away to Lycaonia to teh towns ov Lystra an Derbe in stuf so dat teh badkitties wudnt pwn dem.

An dey preechded teh gud news der.

So when they wuz at Lystra, tehy fownd a kittie wif broken paws. An liek, he had always ben dat way, so he nevr evr walkd b4. Srsly. He wuz sittin

an listnn wilz Paul waz preechin. So he liek stard at Paul an Paul sawz dat he has faith 2 be heald.

So liek Paul say, "LOL, STAND UP!" an teh kittie wif broken paws jumped up an started walkin.

Wem teh crowd see wut Paul did, tehy were liek, OMFG thees doodz r liek teh gawdz!

The decided dat Barnabas wuz teh Ceiling Cat Zues an Paul wuz Hermez, cuz he wuz teh chief speekurcat.

Teh tempul ov Zeus wuz jus owtsied town. So teh priestcat ov teh tempul an teh mob brot moocows an big sexy colers madd owt of flowrs 2 teh gate so they cud liek set teh moocows on feir so dat Paul an Barnabas cud smel it an liek it sinss teh godz liek teh smel ov ded moocows lol.

But wen teh apawssles fownd owt, they wuz liek, "Oh noes! Dey be wurshipin teh rong Ceiling Cat!1!!!1" an tehy  tor up their cloths in stuf in dismay. Tehy ran out to teh peeps, shoutin,

"Frenz, why you be doin dis? We wuz jus kitties liek u! We has come to brin u teh gud news dat you shud, liek, stop bowin at these ghey statues (lol, tehyd be beter as scrachin posts haha) an turn 2 teh REAL Ceiling Cat, cuz he liek maded teh Ceiling an teh Floor, teh bafftub, an al teh fishies so cud eats dem!

"In da past, he let al teh nashuns 2 go tehir own ways,

But he nevr left dem witout givn em clooes ov Ceiling Cat's cheezburgers!K, heeres a gud egsampl- he sendz u rane an people to feed you an lots of cookies an cheezburgers, so you cud be lots happy."

But evn wif dees werds, Paul an Barnabas cud barely restrane teh peeps frum burning teh moocows for them.

den sum Jewush cats arivd frum Antioh an Iconium an won teh crowdz faver. Tehy throd rocks at Paul an liek dragged him out ov town, cuz they thot he wuz ded.

But when teh Christians gatherd arown him, he got up an went bak into teh town. Teh next dai he left wif Barnabas 2 go 2 Derbe.

kk, so aftr dat, Paul an Barnabas wuz liek, "Im in ur Derbe, makin lotz da dissiplz...w00t!" Then th3y reterned 2 Lystra, Iconium, an Antioch of Pisidia,

wer they maded teh beleevrs strongr in stuf. Tehy encouraged them 2 keep it in da faith y'all, remindin them dat lotsa peeps wud steal ther cheezburgers, but dat waz okay cuz u haf to hav hardships to get 2 teh kingdon of Ceiling Cat.

They even put eldercats in evry chrch. wif preyr an fastin, they turnd teh eldars ovar 2 teh ceyre of teh Ceiling Cat.

Den they traveld bak thru Pisidia 2 Pamfylia. They preechd teh werd in Perga, den went down 2 Attalia.

undefined

Finnaly, they reternd by ship 2 Antioch ov Syria, wer their journy had startd. Teh believrs thar had entrusd tem 2 teh cheezburgers of Ceiling Cat 2 do teh werk they had jus noa finished.

undefined

Sum peepelz camed down frum Judea to Antioch an wer teachin teh brudahz "Unlez teh skinz ons teh vry tip of yur penes iz cutted, accordin to teh custum tot by Moses, Ceiling Cat wont waach u and U cant be savd."

Dis brot Paul and Barnabas, in to argament an dispoot an' dabate wif dem. So Paul an Barnabaz wer maded, along wif sum othr guyz to go up to Jerusalem to see the apossalz and elderz bout dis kweztshun and fo sum aice kreme.

Teh cherch sentz dem on deir waie, an az dey maded waie thru Foneeshia an' Samarea, dey tuld how teh Jentailes had been maded into not-Jentailes. Dis nooz maded all teh brudahz vry Happiez!

Wen dey camed to Jerusalem, dey wer welcumed bai teh cherch an teh apossalz and elderz cuz dey brot bak cheezeburgerz, and dey tulded whol storie and everythin Cieling Cat had dun thru dem.

But den sum ov teh new Christianz hoo wuz liek sort of liek teh Fariseez stood up an sayed, "Teh Jentilz needz hav there penes tips skinz cut an dat they need to foloa teh law ov Mosez." srsly!

So teh apawssles an elders liek met togethr to tlak it ovr in stuf.

at teh meetn teh apawssles wuz laik "OMFG! Cut mah penes skinz! No wai!! No Srsly!" an dey wuz not happee an Petr stud an adresd tehm liek dis "Bros, u all knoes dat Ceiling cat choos me owt of u guyz a long tiem ago to preech to teh gentilez so dat they cud heer teh gud news an bleev in stuf, rite?

Ceiling Cat noes peep's harts, an he telld us he eksepts Jentilz by givn them teh howly sprite, jus liek he did to us kitties.

he said we were teh saem peeps, cuz he clensed their harts thru fathe.

so y r u noa goin, "Im in ur faiths, challengn Ceiling Cat n burdenn teh Jentilz wif leesh dat we dosnt hav to bare."

We bleev dat we ar all savd teh same wai, lol. cmon, peeps!

Den teh peepz wer kwaiyet fur Brnabbas n Pawl tu tell dem uf teh mirakles dat Ceiling Cat has shewed teh Jentailes. Liek when Ceiling Cat had Brnabaz ridin teh invisble bisicle ur wen Pawl wuz all pwned but teh Ceiling Cat maed hiz fur all shinee n soft.

Den un ufda kittehz wuz liek "Srsly..."

teh dood Saimun telled aws uf how teh Ceiling Cat taeked frum teh jentailes n maed teh lolcats.

Teh smrt catz new dis tu, cuz dey was all like:

Oh hai, Ai iz gonna b rite back, n Ai gonna maek an udder cookie. Evan tho Ai eated it Iz gonna maekded an udder.

Sew dat teh kittehs n teh lolcatz but not teh jentailes... (Ok, mebbe teh jentailes dat r naemed affer mai) sez it b teh Ceiling Cat dat iz teh pwner.

Dis b knowed fur evar.

Ratherz, us kittenz shuld be makin da letters to dem. Tlkinz bout how to not eated foods polluted bis idols, n how to not get frisky and downzz, n to not eated the meats of animalz tht have been strangleded, and frum bloodz! Lyk srsly dats badzz .

Insted wez rait two dem, and sayed "no nom nomz with dem idle pollooshon, no seckshool baddehz, no strangled nom nomz or bluddys!".

Sins da Urfs was createded by Ceiling Cat Moses can has be preeched in all de sittys and on Caturdayz we can has reed in sinnagogs!!!11

Den de apawsslz n eldrs, wif all dem, pik sum der pwn kittehs an send dem to Anteeyock wif Pawl an Brnabbas. Dem pik Judas (hoo dey call Brsabbas) an Silus, who haz lotz xperyuns.  Srsly.

Wif dem, send dis lettr: De apawsslz an eldrs, ur bruvers, To da Jentilz bleverz in Anteeyock, Srsly, an Susillyah: Grtngs.

We herd sumz bad kittehs pownsd on u wifout owr sayin yes an dey bothr u, trublng ur maindz by wut dey sai.

So we allz sai, "letz pik sum gud kittehs an send dem wif Brnabbas an Pawl—

kittehs hoo risk all der cheezburgers an evrefing fur Ceiling Cat.

So we r to be sendin Judas an Silus.  Dey noze wut we talkin about - dey can has ur rspekt.

Ceiling Cat fink dat givin u too many rulez maek u feel pwned, an we fink so too.
 Is good enuf do dis:

No eetz foodz sacrficet to idlz.  Staez awai frum blud, frum de meat uv animls pwnd by strangln, an frum sekshool imaralty. You staez awai frum all dat, u be gud kitteh. kthxbai.

Faur kitteh went bai to Antioch, where they haz big mietin of Jebuz believn kittehs and giv lettah.

N lotz of happynez wuz in church, n they wur all leik "LOL!"

Judaz n Silaz kittehs spiek gud soz they talk bout Ceilin Cat to other Jebuz beleivn kittehs.

Kittehs stay long tiem, n tehn Judaz n Silaz kittehs say bai and go to Jureusulum n sayz hai to those who said bai.

Paul n Barnbus kittehs don't sai bai to Aintioch so them can helpz other preachah kittehs.

undefined

Paul latrz says Barnbus, "Letz sai 'o hai' to teh litterbudz in al teh townz wur we preechd da Teeches of Sayvyurcat and sees how tehy is doing."

Barnbus wantz take John, who is also Marks, wit dem on teh tripz,

but Paul is liek, "WTF? No wai! John runs frum uz in Pamphylya and jus sleepz on couch n stufs."

Dey hizzus and scraches, den goes difrunt wayz. Barnbus takes Marks on watr trip to Siprus,

undefined

So den Paul and Silas goed thru da townz Amfiypolis and Apollonia til dey gotz to Thessalonica (wich iznt lyk teh saloon car cuz tehy werent nventd yet) and there wuz a Jooish senogawg.

so cuz Paul alwyz did it, he goed to servcs fer lik tree wks and telled it to da ppl wut the bibul mean.

he wuz splainin bout da profizzies bout jebus all bout wif him and the dying and all den Paul wuz like "dis Jebus he iz messiyuh! lik he wuz da littel kitteh of Ceiling Cat!"

sum ppl were lik yeah ok i blv u and lotz of dem were da Greeks who usually blvd in da lotz of da godz.  sum important ladiez also blvd.

so da Joos who dint convert wuz jealuz.  dey get dem sum gangstas and thugs and r up to no good.  bad kittehs.  dey attack Jasun's howse cuz dey wuz lookin fur Paul and Silas prob to beat dem up.

good fur dem, dey wuz not there but Jason wuz since it wuz his howse and all. da jewz r all like bringin da christians to da mayor and stuff and r like "dese guys are nfringin on chuck norris coppyrite by turning world upside down!

and dis guy Jasun let dez foolz in hiz howse and lettin dem eat hiz meow mixy!  dey r treazoning Cezzar cuz dey have da jebus king."

and dey made crowd frown and de rulers loos it.

so dey made dem pay bail, cuz de rulers wuntd a hay bail for to playz in, and dey let dem go (for now).

and so Paul and Silas fledd to Berea liek scorlded kittehs, cuz the crystians in Thessalonica noo twuznt saif. n P&S went to de sinogog soonas dey got dere.

n de kittehs in de senogawg wuz moar opun-mihnded n lisend to wut Paul Silas had to say n checkt it agenst de scripchas evry dai.

so luts beeleevt n so did de Greax, famus ladi kittehs and men kittehs.

but de Jooz who Did not want Paul an Silas camz to Berea n wuz in the crowd, baleeting ur support.

so de crystians maded Pawl go to teh sea for sneek excaep cuz even bein wetz iz beta dan bein mobbd. but Silas n Timothy staid in Berea.

den de kittehs hu halpd Paul excape tuk him to Athenz n tol Siliz n Timoty to ketchup.

an Paul sawded to many idols wen him wuz waytin an it maed him reel cross an hiz tayl puffded up.

an so he goed to de senogawg (cuz he reali lieked to goed to da senagawg) an argud (nislee) wit de Jooz an de Jentiels. an he goed to market (but not to bi fat pig cuz he wuz Joo) evri day an argud thar to (cuz he wuz gud at converting dat way).

an e even met sum Epicureans (hu lieked plezhur) an Stoics (hu shoded no emoshun an reali wuz antiemos) an sum insulted him but uthaz wuz intrested an sez "himz meowin bowt godz from forren lans!" cuz he wuz talkin bout Jebus an how he cam bak to life.

Den dey tookz Paul to teh meetsins of teh Aeropagus an dey wuz all liek "Wtf is yu teachinz!!?? Wai yu teach itz heer?

We dunno wats it meens yu shouldz tellz or goez homez!!!"

(al teh peeps in teh citeez no do notings but tawlkz an litsin. dey no even has job!! dey dadz r al leik "Yu needz job!" butz dey al liek "Stfu dad!! Do not want!!")

Den Paul gotz ups en frunt ov teh meetings an sedz "Oh hai peeps! Yuz al reel riligus. Yuz be prayin to al kidns ov stufz

Yuz evn prayin to sum unnown Ceiling Cat. Buts litsens ups Iz learns yu teh trufs! Srsly!!!"

"Ceiling Cat made teh hows an evryting ins itz! Him is teh Lords ov teh Ceiling an teh Urth. Teh Ceiling Cat no liv in templ buildz bai cats.

Ceiling Cat no needz us servings Him wit r pawz. Dats cuz teh Ceiling Cat givid us lif, teh cheezburger an teh cookie to eated an evryting els in the Urth!!

Him maked al teh catz frum one cat. Al teh Minxez an teh Tabbyz an teh Saimez. An teh Ceiling Cat sez teh whenz an teh werz we iz liv.

Teh Ceiling Cat donez so we iz looked for himz!! An is trai to fainds hims!!

Sum ov teh rymin peeps sedz we is Hims Kittehs."

"Cuz wez teh Ceiling Cats kittehs He no looks leik goldz, silbur, or evens cheezburger! Teh Ceiling Cat iz lookz leik kittehs!!! (Dats wai dey calls him Ceiling CAT!)

Ceiling Cat used no car wut us tink. Buts now Ceiling Cat do not want!!!!

Teh Ceiling Cat sedz himz gona judge we sum dai. An Judge mai sownd leik fudge but iz nt az fun r delishus. Ceiling Cat is giv us proof bai bringin teh ded kittehs bak to liv!"

An when teh peeps herd ov teh ded kittehs commin bak to liv most wuz liek "No wai!! No bileev!!" But sum wuz liek "Plz learns us bout teh judgins!!"

undefined

Den teh Pauls left teh Athenz n wentz to teh Cornth.

He metted teh joo Aquila dat wuz nativ frm Pwntus taht comed frm Itly wit wifz Prizilla cuz Claudius sedz "O Hai joos... get outs ov Romes!!!!!"

Paul wented to seez tem cuz he maked teh tentz, but did not eated tehm cuz he wuz workinz wit demz.

Evry Sabuth he wented to teh senagawg to tryz to perswades teh joos and teh greekz.

Silaz and Timothy comes and Paul waz liek "I be preechin teh Jebus to teh joos now! kthnxbai!"

But teh joos no liek Paul and dey beated himz. Paul sez to demz "Yuz haz blodz on yer hedz. Iz gon to genteels cuz yu srsly sux, srsly."

Paul leftz teh senagawg an wentz to howz ovs Titius Justus (ya, dat be realz naime, kthnxbai), cuz Titius be warshippingz teh Ceiling Cat.

Crispus and lotz ov peeplez dere liek teh Ceiling Cat. Lotz ov teh Corentheunz be bapitized.

One nite, teh Ceiling Cat sez to Paul in a vishun "I no eated yu, keepz talkinz, no be quietz.

I be heer wit yu an no onez will be eated yew. Cuz I gotz lotz ov peeps in teh citeez."

Den Paul stayd fo one yearz an teh haf preechin teh Ceiling Cat.

Joos no lieked Paul an dey be attacked hiem an dragged hiem to tehir coort.

Den dey sez "He waz be in teh senagawg preechin teh Jebus an dat be ilegul."

Paul waz bout to speekz but Gallio sez "Yo jooz, dis no be crime so I no be lisenin,

kthnxbai."

Den dey throz hiem out ov teh coort.

Den dey eated Sosthenes in teh frontz ov teh coorts. And Gallio waz watevez.

Den teh Paul steyd in teh Corinthz for leik a mont or sumthin. Den he sedz "Oh hai bruthurs gudby! kthnxbai." Paul den sayld wit teh Priscilla an teh Aquila 2 Syria, praiyin to teh Jebus no get wet. Cuz Paul haet water. but bfor he sayld he gotted his hairs cuts cuz he sedded a ohth.

When dey gots to Ephesus Paul sedz "Kthnxbai." to teh Priscilla an teh Aquila.

Den dey wuz leik "Wtf!!? Wai yew no talkz to uz? Wai!!?"

An Paul wuz leik "I com bakz if teh Ceiling Cst wantzes mi to!!!!!"

Den he gotz to teh Caesarea an sedz "Oh hai!" to teh cherch, den he wentz to teh Antiochz.

Afta Paul wuz in teh Antiochz he walkeded rown teh Galatia an teh Phrygia preechin teh Jebus to teh desypulz.

Den teh joo Apolloz frum Alexandreya wentz to teh Ephesus. Teh Apolloz wuz smartz an he knoo teh biybulz.

He wuz tawted teh way ov teh Ceiling Cat, an he spoked wit a furvir an he tawt teh Jebus akuritlays, but he ownley knoo wenz John wuz baptizded.

Den he talkded reel lowds in teh senagawg. He wuz al leik "Yo, jooz! teh Jebus is teh awsomz an yu needz litsen him!!" Den teh Priscilla an teh Aquila sedz "Oh hai! comz wit us an wees teeched yu teh Jebus!!!!!!" An Apolloz wuz liek "Yu learns me teh Jebus!?" an dey wentz to der hows.

Den Apolloz wuz leik "Iz wanna go to teh Achia." an teh bruthurs wus leik "Den go, itz kewl." Den teh bruthurs wrot to teh oter desypulz dat Apolloz wuz kewl.

undefined

So Leik wen teh Apolloz wuz in teh Corinth preechin to ur doodz, Paul wuz wahlkin roun teh insaidz ov teh holay landz till he sedz "I hazent hads a cheezburger in liek fvtein menuts. Oh wait Iz in teh Ephesus! Kewl." Den Paul wuz tawlkin to teh desypuls he founded.

Paul wuz leik "Oh hai, yu guyz." an dey waz leik "Sup." Paul wuz liek "Srsly, yu guyz. Did yu feyl teh HovrCat wenz yu is bileev? Srsly." An teh desypulz sedz "No wai!!! Yu iz teh liyin!!! HovrCat no is!!!!"

Paul wuz liek "Who baptizm yu has?" an teh desypulz sedz "Him naym be John. Hez kewl."

An Paul sedz "Him wuz jsut siayin srry wen him dones dat. Den him wuz sedz teh Jebus wuz cummin an dat yu shuld litsen to teh Jebus.

Cuz Jebus be teh awsomez son ov teh Ceiling Cat!!" an teh desypulz wuz liek "Can yu learn us teh Jebus!!?" an Paul wuz liek "ya ai cans learn yu teh Jebus!"

Den Paul tuched teh desypulz an teh HovrCat gots insaids dem. Den teh desypulz startid shaykings an baykings an dey tawlked reel funni, liek they bited teh toastr cords.

An der wuz liek twelvs ov dem so wuz noizy buht wuz stil funni.

Paul wentz insto teh senagawg an tawlkd reel lowdz for leik tree munthz. Paul wuz al liek "Oh hai peeps!! Yu needz bileev ins teh Jebus an teh Ceiling Cat!!! Ifs we al bileevs in teh Ceiling Cat an teh Jebus we can has a cheezburger!! Dats cuz teh Jebus an teh Ceiling Cat iz maykd us dem!!!!!" an Paul wuz doin reelz gud too.

Buts sum ov teh peepz wuz gettin leik "Do not want!!!" an dey wentz outs in teh puhblicks an wuz liek "Paul iz teh stoopid!!! Him keepz tawlkins bout teh Jebus n stufs buts teh Jebus no is!!!!!! We can no has a cheezburger frum Jebus!!" an Paul wuz liek "WTF!? kthnxbai. yu no needz eny way!!" Paul tookz teh desypulz wif him an den dey tawlkd eech dai in teh hal ov Tyrannus.

dey ketp doinz its for leik a yeer so al teh joos an teh greeks in Asia herd ov teh Ceiling Cat.

Ceiling Cat hlpd Paul wif teh heelng.

leik peepz tuk hankiz an aiprnz he tutjd to sik, dai getz betteh an looz teh deeminz.

Leik dese jooz sez Jebus to teh peepz wif deeminz.  Leik al: "Cawlng Jebuz dood, leik Paul sez, do not want u!"

Boz joosh preist Sceva had sevn sunz do dis.

But den demin ansir!  Sez: "Saw Jebus, saw Paul, u, WTF?"

Dood wif demin jumpd an beet tem gud.  Dem doodz beet so bad dey nekkid an bludy.

So teh jooz an grikz in Ephesus ar al WTF!  Jebus iz awsum!

Doze peepz say dey no gud.

Teh majk peepz leik bernd teh paipurz, wirf leik fifteh fowsind drakmaz!

Dat showd teh word uv Ceiling Cat an more beleevd!

Den Paul wuz al leik I am in Jerusalem den Macedonia den Achaia an den I vizet Roem.

He senz hiz doodz Timothy an Erastus to Macedonia an he staiz in Asia wile dey goze.

So leik wuz trubbl.

Demetrius maikz shynie stufz, kool statchooz uv Diana. Him reel gud getz moer wrk.

Him wantz meetng uv leik al statchooz pipplz, an doodz in saim bizniz.  Sez: "Doodz we gotz grait deel.  Dis dood Paul iz teh suck, iz al leik taikz ar custmrz to him, in Ephesus an in hole Asia to, do not want!

He telz dem no cheezburgerz if u maik ur own Ceiling Kitteh!

We looz ar stuf!  An ar kewl tempel to our awsum Ceiling Kitteh Diana will be teh epik fale!"

Teh doodz wer al leik "No Wei. Diana roolz, Paul droolz!  Rlly."

Soon hole siti chantz teh saim, srsly.  Peepz taik Gaius an Aristarchus, Paulz doodz frm Macedonia, maik dem go teh feeteh.

Paul wantz teh preetj but doodz say stfu, do not want!

Also mane doodz an Paulz frenz sed No Wai.

Peepz in teh feeteh al noizy, sum ar al wtf?

Teh jooz tel Alexander speek, dood, but him sez to mch noiz, stfu alrdy.

Den teh oteh doodz say, him joosh, no wai! Woa! Awsum Ceiling Kitteh Diana!

Den teh ofishul dood sez: "Leik stfu alredy.  Doodz, Ephesus haz teh xcelnt tempel to Ceiling Kitteh Diana.  Pls kewl statchooz, frm ceiling!

Evrion noze dis, so stfu an stai cawm.

Dem doodz dint steel frm u or diss teh Ceiling Kitteh.

U silveh doodz leik Demetrius cn taik it to judj joodi.  An u cans pres charjiz.

If u gotz complianz, tel judgiz.

Leik we get roitng charjiz fer wat u doodz duz.  An it wuz teh stupid.

undefined

Wen teh ZOMG wuz ovr, Paul gots teh dissaipulls an aftah givin dem majr propz wuz liek, "kthxbai" an wen 2 Macedonia.

Him wen froo daer givin propz to all teh ppls and den gots to Grease.

Teh Joos on teh whey wuz liek "We killz yoo!" so Paul wen back 2 Macedonia.

Him brot lotz of d00ds wit him

and dey wayded for us ad Troas.

Buh we wen from Phillypai aftr teh big Kitteh Food Feast an joyned dem fiev dayz latr.

On teh furst day of teh week us caim togethas to eate cheezburgerz. Paul sez thinks to teh kittehs and cuz he was gonna kthxbai evrione tmorroz, he sez more to the kittehs till no moer day cheezburgerz.

There wuz liek many big shiny candles in teh uprooms wheres we wo eatin ur cheez.

Doin his business on da neighbourz window was dis yung kitteh calld Eutychus who waz tryin to do his business on 
teh window but fell to teh Urf cuz Paul speaked wai too much and then Eutychus was died.
1

But then Paul hugz the kitteh and was all like tis ok, he not died, he respawnd.

Afta that Paul goed to teh uprooms and ated sum cheezburgerz and eated. Then he spoked to tha ppl and was like kthxbai.

Teh ppl taked respawnd Eutychus hoems and they lol'd.

Us goed wif ship to Assos, wheare us wo gonna let Paul in teh ship. He maed this so cuz he walk thear.

When we sawed he, us taked he an' goed to Mitylene.

Then us goed to Miletos thru Kios an' Samos. W00T!

See guyse, Paul didnt want to be in Asia so he goed past Epheus cuz him wantd to be in Jerusalem befo Pentecost day to hav cookies.

Paul msgd teh eldrers from Ephesos to come fo sum cookies.

Wen they comed, Paul sed to em: "O hai, yu kno from ai first comed to Asia, ai waz hvring with u guyse all the time.

Ai srvd teh ceelin cat wif lack of digniteh an' wetness tho teh Jews wo cheeters big time. srsly.

Ai havnt bin hidin ma mad skillz dat cud be hlpfl laters but sharing an' teechin dem to u guyse in pm and public chat.

Ai hav maed it clears to boaf Jews and Greeks dat their gonna hav to turn to teh Ceelin cat wif puppydog face an' hav fateh in Jebus, k?

An' noe teh hovrcat be takin me to Jerusalem, dunno wats gonna hpn there.

Ai only kno that teh hovrcat is givin errorz dat iz goin to teh catcage an' therez wetness.

Anyways, am goin to finish teh race an' maek teh task ceelin cat gaiv meh - tellin ppl bout respawn of Jebus an' teh ceelin cats cookies. brb.

Dunt thinks youz gonna see meh no moer.

So iz tellin u, ai didnt doed it. Iznt ma bad if summone has to goe to teh basement, k?

Cuz ai told yu guyse teh ceelin cats plans.

Aight den. Take caer of urselfs an others cuz teh hovrcat telld u so. Be shephurds of teh church ceelin cat respawnd for.

Ai kno dat afta me goes, puppies will come. Their not gonna be niec. srsly.

Even yurz own kittehs be in ur church failin ur teechin an' maekin bad cheezburgrz.

Stay frosty, kittehs! Rememba ai never faild warning yu all day an' nite wif wetness.

Noe ai leav u wif teh ceelin cat an' teh cheezburgrz, that can maek u big kittehs an' share it wif all teh sanctifieded kittehs.

Dunt want ur cookies or bukkets or hoomins, k?

Yu kno dat wif ma pawes ai got enuf cheezburgrz for me an' ma pals.

Liek dat, ai showd yu dat yu maek cookies (an' no eate em) so dat evrione lols. Just liek Jebus sed: "An WTF is wid kittehs bogarten all teh cheezburgers?!! Dat sheetz gotta stop, srsl. U shud hunt and bringz back noms for de lil kitz or de sick kittehs."

Afta dat, he sat wif evri kitteh an' praid

They wo all wewee wet an' wo givin he hugz.

undefined

We left, den went to plaices wif funny naemz.

Den we maed boat trip.

We saw Cyprus an' den we goed to Syria.

Teh disiplz was dere. We visted dem. HovrCat maed dem say "Paul, u not goes to Jerusalem, k?"

But we kthxbaid anywai.  Everwun sed bai an' sat on teh beache to prae.

Den us sed bai an' goed to teh boat. Teh othars goed hoem. (to eat cookies i think?)

We wentz to moar plaices wif funny naemz.  An we seed teh bruvvers an sed "Hai, bruvvers!"

Den we wentz to Philipz hows.

Philip hadz foar ladykittehs! An dey telled teh futur! W00T!

Afta bein at Philipzs fo sum tiem. Anothar futurrellerer, Agabus comed hear from Judea.

Him stoled Pauls belt an' got caught in it liek a littel mooh. He sed: "Teh HvrCat sez: 'Jeews aer gonna come an' do dis wif Pauls belt an' giv he to teh bad kittehs.', k?"

Wen we heared dat we wo like O.o an' sed dat Paul cant goe to Jerusalem.

Ten Paul sez: "stfu, iz ok wif jeews taekin me. Iz not only one who dies in Jerusalem fo Jebus."

We cudz not stopz him so we sez "Wateva Ceiling Cat wontz."

Den we goez to Jerusalem.

Sum disiplz from Caesarea caem wif uz. Dey taeks us to Mnason's hows, were we wuz stayin. He wuz erli disipl from Cyprus.

Wen we getz to Jerusalem teh bruvvers sez hai.

Teh day afta uz an Paul wentz to see James. All teh wize kittehs wuz dere.

Paul sez hai an 'splains wut Ceilingcat dun to Gentiles froo him.

Wen dey heerz dis dey sez Ceiling Cat srsly cool. Dey sez to Paul: "Yu knoez loadza Jooz haz bleevd. Deyz all crazy bout teh lawz.

Dey bin tole yu teech teh Jooz, hoo livz wif Gentilz to fogetz Moses. Yu tellz dem not to circa... circum... cutz dem kidz or lives liek teh tradishuns sayz.

Wut we gun do?!!1! Deyz defo gonna heer yuz caem.

So yu do wut we sez. Dere's 4 guyz hooz maed promis.

Goe wif dem. Yu joins deyr purficashun an' payz fo dem to haz hed shayvd. Den all da peeps gon knoe wut dey heerz not troo. Reely yu 'beyz teh law.

Teh Gentile bleevas, wez rited to dem. We sez not to nom teh fud sacrifisd to idolz or blud or meet from strangld crittahs. Also dey use dem harbls nicely.

Teh next day, Paul an' teh men got purified an' went to teh temple. He gave word of teh end of teh purificaion an' when an offerin were to b made.

When teh days had alost gone, some Jooz seed Paul at teh temple, pissed off teh crown an' grabbed him sayin,

"Cats of Izrail, help us! This dood tells evryone against us an' wot we do. He also bring Greeks here an' made it dirty."(

Cos they sawd Trophimus an' Ephesian in teh city wit Paul.)

Teh hole city ran at them. Seizin Paul, they picked him up out of the temple, an' shut teh gatez.

While they was tryin' to kill him, the Roman troop guy heard they was an uproar.

He den sent officers and soldiers wit him to teh crowd. When dey seeded him an his soldiers,they stopped beatin Paul.

Teh commander nicked him, and bound him wit two chains. Den he asked who he were an' y he was beaten up.

Sum shouted one ting, others another ting, he couldn't understand it an' sent Paul to teh barracks.

When Paul reached teh steps, teh mob got so violent, like in GTA, he were carried by teh soldiers.

Teh followin' crowd shouted, "Away wit him!"

As teh soldiers were gonna thro Paul into teh barracks, he asked teh commander, "Can i sez sommat to u?". "Do u sez Greek?" he replied.

"Ain't u teh guy from Egypt who led four thousand terrorists into teh sand, long time bak?"

Paul sed, "i'm a Joo, from Tarsus in Cilicia, innit. i is lyk a citizen of no usual city. Let me talk to teh peeps."

undefined

"Catz, listenz to wot i got to sez bout me.

(When dey hears him talk Hebreu, dey wos quiet an listen'd. an' he sed,)

i is Jooish cat, born in Tarsus, but i wos tought by teh paws of Gamaliel bout teh laws an stuff bout Ceiling Cat.

i persucooted teh cristan kittehs, puttin bof moma catz and dada catz in jailz.

as teh high dood is witness wit teh elders, i gotz letterz an went to Damascus. i took dese cristan catz and bringd dem bound to Jerusalem, to b punished.

travlin to Damascus was i, and suddenleh celing cat showed a lihgt on meh!.

so i's fell to teh grounnd fearful. and ceiling cat sez paul cat paul cat why yoo persecuits me?.

whos spaeks meh sez i. and he sez it is meh, Happy Cat , whoo yo be persecuit.

the catz wit me saw teh bright lightz an don't understand.

so i saiz what do i do ceiling cat?.

i cud not see. i were taken in teh basket to Damascus

a cat called Ananias live dere.

he made me see again.

Ceiling cat have choose u to do stuff.

u has to tell catz wot he sez.

Y is u goin'? Has a wash.

So, when i went to Jerusalem next. i prayed n got high.

He den sez, Run away from 'ere. dey no believe ur sayin bout me.

i sed, Dey no wot i did.

i made ur guy Stephen dead.

He sed, i is gonna sent u to teh Gentiles.

dey listened, den lifted him with dere meaows. dey sed, Take him away to die.

dey cried n threw dust around.

teh captain sent him to teh castle. den he asked questions.

dey tied him up, n Paul sed he was Roman.

teh centurion told teh commander Paul wos Roman.

teh captain asked if he were Roman. he sed yes.

teh captain sed i paid lots to b free. Paul sed i wos born a free cat.

dey left him.

undefined

Paul lookd straight at teh sanhedrin an sed, "mah brothers, i has fulfilld mah duty 2 ceilin cat in all gud conscience 2 dis dai."

At dis teh high priest (priests can be high???) Ananias orderd dose standin near paul 2 strike him on teh mouth.

Then paul sed 2 him, "ceilin cat will strike u, u whitewashd wall! U sit thar 2 judge me accordin 2 teh law, yet u yourself violate teh law by commandin dat i be struck!"

it written: do not speek evil bout teh rulr ov ur peeps.[a]"

Paul replid, "Oh... brothers, i did not realize dat he wuz teh high priest;

Then paul, knowin dat sum ov them wuz sadduceez an teh others fariseez, calld out in da sanhedrin, "mah brothers, im farisee, teh son ov farisee. I stand on trial cuz ov mah hope in da resurrecshun ov teh ded."

When he sed dis, dispute broke out tween teh fariseez an teh sadduceez, an teh assembly wuz dividd.

(teh sadduceez say dat thar iz no resurrecshun, an dat thar r neithr angels nor spirits, but teh fariseez acknowledge them all.)

There wuz great uproar, an sum ov teh teachers ov teh law hoo wuz fariseez stood up an argud vigorously. "we find nothin wrong wif dis man," they sed. "wut if spirit or an angel has spoken 2 him?"

The dispute became so violent dat teh commandr wuz afraid paul wud be torn 2 piecez by them. He orderd teh troops 2 go down an taek him away frum them by force an brin him into teh barrackz.

The followin nite teh lord stood near paul an sed, "taek courage! As u has testifid bout me in jerusalem, so u must also testify in rome."

the next mornin teh jews formd conspiracy an bound themselvez wif an oath not 2 eat or drink til they had killd paul.

More than forty doodz wuz involvd in dis plot.

They went 2 teh chief priests an elders an sed, "we has taken solemn oath not 2 eat anythin til we has killd paul (baaad idea....)

Now den, u an teh sanhedrin petishun teh commandr 2 brin him before u on teh pretext ov wantin moar accurate informashun bout his case. We r ready 2 kill him before he gets her."

But when teh son ov pauls sistr herd ov dis plot, he went into teh barrackz an told paul.

Then paul calld wan ov teh senturions an sed, "taek dis young man 2 teh commandr; he has somethin 2 tell him."

So he took him 2 teh commandr. 
Teh senturion sed, "paul, teh prisonr, sent 4 me an askd me 2 brin dis young man 2 u cuz he has somethin 2 tell u."

The commandr took teh young man by teh hand, drew him aside an askd, "wut iz u wants 2 tell me?"

He sed: "teh jews has agred 2 ask u 2 brin paul before teh sanhedrin 2morrow on teh pretext ov wantin moar accurate informashun bout him.

Dont giv in 2 them, cuz moar than forty ov them r waitin in ambush 4 him. They has taken an oath not 2 eat or drink til they has killd him. They r ready nao, waitin 4 ur consent 2 their request."

The commandr dismisd teh young man an caushund him, "doan tell anyone dat u has reportd dis 2 me."

Then he calld 2 ov his senturions an orderd them, "git ready detachment ov 2 hundrd soldiers, seventy horsemen an 2 hundrd spearmen[b] 2 go 2 caesarea at 9 tonite.

Provide mounts 4 paul so dat he cud be taken safely 2 governor felix."

He wrote lettr as follows:

Claudius lysias, 2 his excellency, governor felix: greetings.

This man wuz seizd by teh jews an they wuz bout 2 kill him, but i came wif mah troops an rescud him, 4 i had lernd dat he iz roman citizen.

i wantd 2 knoe y they wuz accusin him, so i brought him 2 their sanhedrin.

i findz dat teh accusashun had 2 do wif queshuns bout their law, but thar wuz no charge against him dat deservd death or imprisonment.  When i wuz informd ov plot 2 be carrid out against teh man, i sent him 2 u at once.

i also orderd his accusers 2 present 2 u their case against him.

So teh soldiers, carryin out their orders, took paul wif them durin teh nite an brought him as far as antipatris.

The next dai they let teh cavalry go on wif him, while they returnd 2 teh barrackz.

When teh cavalry arrivd in caesarea, they deliverd teh lettr 2 teh governor an handd paul ovar 2 him.

The governor read teh lettr an askd wut province he wuz frum. Lernin dat he wuz frum cilicia,

undefined

after five days, Ananias, his mates, n Tertullus sed to teh gov bout Paul.

Tertullus sed bout Paul u is quiet and u do good stuffz.

we likez dis all ovr. thnx.

i iz gonna b quick, so listenz.

this man he is a mouse nicks our cheezeburgerz.

he peed out teh litter tray. we'z nicked him.

den  has a cat fight wit Lysias. He took'd Paul from uz.

u ask questionz, u learn of wat we r accusin' him of.

teh Joos sed so.

Paul den sed, "i was a judge n i sez dis..."

i went to Jerusalem twelve dais ago.

i no getz angry n scratch stuffz.

dey is lyin bout me. dey is dreamin dis.

i listenz to Ceiling Cat. n readz teh meaows of teh prophetz.

i hope for teh resurrection of teh dead.

i lookz out fer water from Ceiling Cat n catz.

i brought some cookies for teh nation.

den sum Joos from Asia washed me, without water.

dey should b here n say stuffz.

or makes dese say stuffz, if dey finds me evilz.

coz i saw Jebus come back, dey askz me questionz.

Felix sent dem away. he sed, "When Lysias come bak i know all bout dis.

he sent a guard wit Paul n let him do stuffz.

Felix n his Jooish wif foned Paul bout trustin Jebus.

Paul sed stuffz which srsly scard Felix. hu sed,"when i is ready, i meaow u.

he wontd moneys fer Paul, n he talked to hm.

undefined

Festus waz teh n00b, nd 3 dais he was in Caesarea befoor he left 2 Jerusalem.

Nd teh hai priests sed 2 Festus tht dey no liek Paul.

So teh hai priests ask Festus for his halp 2 get Paul 2 Jerusalem (so teh hai priests cud srsly pwn Paul).

but Festus sed dat Paul shud b kept at Caesarea, n dat he himself waz goin dere soon.

Festus sed dat those wiff p0w3r shud go to Casearea n akewz Paul wiff him.

liek 8 or 10 dais lata Festus went 2 caesarea and komand3d Paul b brought n to him

Paul came n Joos from Jooroosulum were srs cat and charged Paul n sed he wuz bad.

Paul sed in his deefence "i haz no sin, liek srsly."

And Festus sed "wanna take monorailz 2 jooroosulum jugement wiv me?"

And Paul sed "seezer can has judgement on me, iz staying"

"No-one's judging me 'cept him. Srsly."

An Festus sed "haz u sed "i can has appealz?" yet?" u goez 2 seezerz.

An in a lil while Da King Aggripa come an Bernice come

An in a lil while Festus make da cases 4 Paul to tha kingz an sed

"wen iz were in ur jooroosulemz being informed bai ur priestz 2 judge him"

"ai sez: "iz not ur ting or tha Romans ting 2 judge"

sos wen dey come, iz sittin on ur judgement seats, commanding ur man forth

an wen accoozerz stands, dey say nuffing! srsly!

and den dey goez off da topic an sez "is Jebus deaded?" an Paul sed "no wayyz!"

and so iz saying "i can has u go to jeroosulems?"

and den sed: noes, "u goes too seezer""

Aggrippa sed: i can has hear himz?" an Festus sed "noes, you can hears him tomorrowz"

and den tha hole ting happened again in a lil while

undefined

but iz saying "noes"

undefined

Agrippa sed to Paul,"u can talk.", so Paul wuz liek "WELL FINE,

Den i feel maiself smilin, cuz you touchin me like da jewz

and i no u no what dem jewz be like, so lissen.

Ev'n when i wuz kittencat, livin in jewtown, i new lotsa jewz,

and lotsa jewz new me, and dey sed mine edj so strate ima farisee.

an now ima bein juj'd cuz ceiling cat makes promiz to mai dadcat n i haffa fill it."

nao i swerz twelv memes 4 ceiling cat n the dayz n nites. Agrippa! I are sed 2 b Jewz, do  not want!

y it thot reel gud wif you, wen ceiling cat cast raiz ded?.

i tinks i do stufz against Jebus.

in Jerusalem, i shutz u n killz teh saints.

i hurtz dem n chased dm like mice.

i wentz 2 Damascus wit teh priests, srsly.

at midday, wez all saw teh light from teh ceiling.

den wez fallen to teh urths. n teh Hebru voice sed,"Saul, y u kill me? iz hard to kick teh knitting needles."

i sez,"hu iz u?". teh voice sed,"i iz Jebus, hu u hurtz.

standz up! i cum 2 tell n show u stuffz. u iz gonna b a minister.

i send u 2 teh Gentiles.

u go n open teh eyes to me n 2 ceiling cat wit teh light. to helps dem wit faith."

Agrippa,i didz dis.

i shewz dem at Damascus n Jerusalem n teh coasts. den i shew teh Gentiles.

den teh Jews try to killz me.

cos ceiling cat helpz me, i iz alive, srsly. all i sez iz in teh bible.

Jebus sufferz n iz teh first 2 die den cum bac. now he show teh light 4 teh catz."

den Festus sed,"Paul u iz crazy."

Paul sed,"i ain't, Festus, i iz right.

teh king nows dis. he now all bout dis, it not hidden in teh corner, srsly.

Agrippa u believes me?"

Agrippa sed 2 Paul,"srsly, u almst makes me Christian, lol."

Paul sed,"i does dat 2 many catz."

teh king n governor n Bernice sat wit dem.

dey sed,"this cat aint so bad".

undefined

when we knew we wos goin to Italy, we was sent to Julius.

Wee wer gon to eest cost of Aseea, accomponeed by Aristarchus.

Next dae wee  put in at Sidon an Julius treetid Pall weth care and stuffs. Srsly.

From dare Wii saled under teh proteckshun of Cyprus n latar arrived @ Myra in Lycia.

Den darr centureeun found eh Alexandrian sheep saling for Italee, and dey let uz and mah guyz on board. Srsly.

Den dey warr saling slowlee and all wer kalm. Der wind wer meen to shep and not let shep go forwerd sometimes.

Aftar loooong tiem dey wer come to Fair Havens near teh citee ob Lasea.

Den Pall said to dem, "Guyz, I perceev dat da trip gon b with dameg an grate loss, not onlee of teh ship, but ov arr lives."

"DO NOT WANT!" dey ses. But teh centureeon was persaudid mor by teh pilot than wat Pall said. Srsly? Jerk.

Aftar much stuf and somtin bout a south wind, dey set sail along Crete.

Not long latar, dey crash.

Teh wind wer blowing very speedy an took ship with. Dey com neer island calld Clauda.

Tree days passd.

They go long tiem without food cuz of it gon away in the wind. srsly. den Pall ses to pilot and centurreun, "Yer dum. Listen 2 meh! srsly!

But don get all sad n stuf."

Latar dat same nite an angel of Jebus an Ceiling cat sed to Paul,

Dun be a scaredy cat, Paul. You must stand befor Caesar; an behuld, Ceiling Cat has grantid u all dose whu ar saleing with u.

darefor, keep up ur courag."

Many dais paasd n on teh forteenth nite dey wer beeing drivun out of teh adriatic sea.

Outa feer of teh ship crashin on rocks, dey put down teh anchor.

Den pall talkd som moar and blah, dey cut da ropes and go saling free as a hovercat now, and dis hovercat u kannot change!.

Later, round dawn, dey wer enkuraged by Paul to eat an Pall congradulated on goin so long without cheezburger.

Dey came to eh beech.

Da ship got stuck. Srsly.

Theyr wer soldiers and dey wanted to kil teh guys on teh ship so they no scape,

undefined

12 We got dere an stayed a littul bit.

undefined

undefined

undefined

undefined

undefined

undefined

undefined

undefined

undefined

undefined

undefined

we went to Rhegium, den Puteoli.

we found peepz n went to Rowme wit dem.

An' wen peepz hears we are dere, dey comez oveh to seez us, an' dey comez a long waiz, from de mall at Appius an' de Three Dinerz, an' Paul seez dem', an' he sez thx to Ceiling Cat, an' corrij, he haz it! Noes scaredy cat!

An' wen we gets to Rowme, Paul waz left by hisselfs, an' just one solja dood was wiv him.

An' den afta 3dais Paul aks to say Hai to de J00zez biggest catz, an' he sez, "Doodz, srsly, I dun nuthin', an' I noes disrespectin' ourz Daddehs even, but hey, I still gets shopped to de Rowmanz, wtf?

"An' even dey sez I dun nuthin', an' dey haz no reezons to kill meh, or worse even, take meh cheezburger offa meh, an' dey waz even gonna spring meh, srsly.

"But de J00zez noes lieks dis, an' I had to msg Caesar, an' ask him for halp an' stuff.

undefined

Dis r a letr frum Paul cuz Ceiling Cat askt me tells about teh Gud Nuuz.

R teh same Gud Nuuz dat Ceiling Cat sed a long tiem ago in teh holi skripchurs.

Teh Gud Nuuz r about teh Baybeh Jebus, who huz grate grate grate grate grate grandson uf King David,

an we can knows he r teh son uf Ceiling Cat cuz he wuz ded, then zomg, he r alive.

So Ceiling Cat ses we haf to tell evrbdy wat he did, an then they can obeh.

An Jebus, he r callsing all uf u.

I is writing to evrybdy in Rome who Ceiling Cat luvs. An may Ceiling Cat gives u cheezbrgrs an u can has cookiez.

Furst, I thx to Ceiling Cat for u. Evrbody ses u has gud faith.

If teh sun r up, or teh moon r up, I pray for u always an Ceiling Cat heers me cuz I srvs him and tells teh Gud Nuuz.

An I prays to go see u all

cuz I wants to hang out an halp u srv Ceiling Cat.

An then I can halp u an u can halp me.

I tryed to visit u lots of tiems but I never cud. Monorail Cat was deraild an stuffs. But I wants to!

Becuz even if ur stoopid, or if ur smrts, I haf to halp u.

So I wants to go 2 Rome an tells teh Gud Nuuz.

Am not emberess uf teh Gud Nuuz becuz it meens Ceiling Cat uzes his invisible powerz fore all huu believe: first fore teh kat, tehn fore teh rest ov y'all.

An then if we has fayth then Ceiling Cat ses we r gud. An that r like teh skripchurs sed, "Gud ppl haf life thru fayth."

If u has teh invisible errors, an u hides truth, u maek Ceiling Cat mad, k?

Ceiling Cat shows us wut is tru.

Wen Ceiling Cat maed teh urths, ppls cud see he has invisible powers, an so they has no excus.

They dun thx Ceiling Cat. An they wuz confusd.

They sed "Am smrt," but reeli r stoopid.

They dun wurship Ceiling Cat. They wurship teh idols like Booda, but he eets too mani cheezbrgrs. Wy u wanna wurship him?

So Ceiling Cat ses FIEN! BE DAT WAY!

An so they wurship stoopid idols an not Ceiling Cat.

An Ceiling Cat let them do bad fings and mani invisible errors. An they had ebil secks that wuz bad.

They even had ebil ghey secks and stuffs.

Evrbody thot Ceiling Cat was stoopid, so Ceiling Cat let thm do stoopid stuff dat they shuldnt do!

Ebil wikkid stuff liek killsing an fites an lies an gosip.

They iz prowd an meen an they hates Ceiling Cat.

They dun keep promis, if they ses u can has cookie, an then eets it, an they stolend teh Lolrus's bukkit.

undefined

So! Yu no has xcuse for judjing ppls becuz u do dat same stuff too.

We knows teh Ceiling Cat judjes us wif truth,

But if we ses sumwon iz bad, an we doz teh same stuff too, den u think Ceiling Cat no can judje u?

Dun u no teh Ceiling Cat givs yu cookies so u no do bad stuffs nemore?

K, yu iz stuburn, an u makes Ceiling Cat mads.

An yur gonna "get wut yu deserv." It ses dat in teh skripchurs.

If yu wants gud stuff u can has!

But if u wants ebil stuff, u can has anger from teh Ceiling Cat.

If u dose bad stuff u gonna git 'n truble,

Thers cookies an cheezburgrs if u dose gud an dosnt mattr hoo yu ar.

Cuz teh Ceiling Cat r fare to evrwon.

If u dun kno teh rulez, wen u die den u not judje by teh rulez. But wen u can knos teh rulez an u still has teh invisible errors, yu can has judjemnt by teh rulz.

Cuz Ceiling Cat ses u haf to obey to b gud.

(Sumtims peepul hoo dun kno teh rulz dose gud stuff NEwai

cuz dey kno wats rite in ther harts.)

So yeh, wun day Ceiling Cat r judje yu, kthx.

K, if yu be joos, u no teh rulez.

An yu no wat teh Ceiling Cat want becuz of teh rulez.

Yu want to halp teh ppls hoo ar lost an yu can be a flashlite if thy ar in teh dark.

Cuz u knows teh rulez yu think u can teech evrbdy abowt teh wai of teh Ceiling Cat.

Wy for dose yu teech utter ppls but yu no teech self? Yu ses ppls cant steel then yu go steels.

Yu say teh idolz r bad an thn u gose in teh idolses tempelses.

Yu so prwd of teh rulz yu kno an u still brakes them.

Thas why teh old skripchurs sai "Yu maeks teh un-joos blasfeem teh Ceiling Cat."

If yu onlee follows part uf teh rulez, u no bettr than them.

An if they follows teh rulz bettr than yu, u thinks teh Ceiling Cat wont call them his peepol?

They r betr than u, k?

Yu rnt speshul jus cuz ur born jooish.

undefined

So iz dere enni point in bein a Jew enniwai?

Yes!  For wun thing Ceiling Cat givded dem hiz wordz.

Suppose sum peeplz duzint beleev an trust Ceiling Cat, does dat cauz Ceiling Cat enni problimz?

No!  Ceiling Cat is riet an if u disagreez u iz rong.  Liek teh book sez:
 "So u can say 'haha i tolded u so'
  an win."

But spose we iz so bad dat Ceiling Cat proovz how good he iz bai punishin us.  Iz dat unfair?

Well DUH no.  Ceiling Cat getz to juj teh whoal wrld.

Sumwun miet sai "Wel if i iz bad dat maekz Ceiling Cat look good, shudnt i get a cheezburgr for dat?"

Datz teh saem az sayin "Letz do bad thingz bcz we'll get good rezultz."  Sum peeplz saiz we sai dat enniwai but dey iz lyin.

So OK letz sum up.  Iz we enni bettr?  No!!! We haz areddi sed dat Jews an Gentiles iz both ful of sin.

Liek teh book sez:
 "Dere iz no good peeplz, not evn wun;

  nobodi undrstandz (dis part is kind of emo LOL)
 nobodi triez to find Ceiling Cat.

 Evribodi iz lookin teh othr wai,
  dey iz all worfless;
 nobodi duz enni good,
  not a singl d00d."

 "Dere moufz iz liek graevz;
  an dere tungz tellz liez."
 Dey haz snaek poizn on dere lipz."

 "Dere moufz iz full of bad wurdz."

 "Dere clawz iz alwaiz reddi to draw blood;

  dere iz trubl whaerevr dey goez,

 an dey duzint evn know ennithin about peece."

 "Dey iznt afraed of Ceiling Cat neethr, foolz."

So if teh law sez ennithin, it sez it to peepl who iz under teh law, so STFU.

So no wun becomz good by followin teh law.  Teh law iz to help us understand about Invisible Errors k.

But nao we knowz about goodness comin from Ceiling Cat.  Teh Law an teh profettz tellded us about it.

We get dis goodness thru beleevin in Jebus.

Evribodi haz maded Invisible Errors an iznint as good as Ceiling Cat,

but we can go to teh ceilin enniwai bcz Jebus died to taek awai our Invisible Errors.

Ceiling Cat did thingz dis wai on purpus,

to show how niec he iz.

So u shudnt be braggin about followin teh law.

Teh law iznt importnt, beleevin in Jebus iz.

Ceiling Cat is not just for Joos.  He iz for Gentiles too.

Dere iz onli wun Ceiling Cat, an he wil taek caer of evribodi, Joos an Gentiles both.

undefined

So what did Abraham finded out about dis?

If he had gotted rid of hiz Invisible Errors by sumthin he did, dat wuz sumthin to brag about.  Not to Ceiling Cat tho.

What duz teh Bible say? "Abraham beleevdid Ceiling Cat, an Ceiling Cat gived him credit for it."

When u work, u getz paid.  Datz not a gift, itz what u iz owed.

But if sum d00d duzint work but jus trustz Ceiling Cat, he getz credit for beleevin.

Liek David says:

"U getz cheezburgr
 if Ceiling Cat forgivz u for doin rong,
 if ur Invisible Errorz iz taekn caer of.

U getz cheezburgr
 if Ceiling Cat desiedz to ingor ur Invisible Errorz."

Duz uncircmsiezded peeplz get cheezburgr, or just circumsieded peeplz? We sed dat Ceiling Cat gived Abraham credit for beleevin.

But when did dat happn?  Wuz it aftr hiz forskin wuz cuttid off, or bfor?  Bfor LOL!

Havin hiz forskin cuttid off wuz a simbl of hiz faith.  Dat meenz he iz teh daddi of evribodi who bleevz an stil haz a forskin.

An also teh daddi of teh peepl who duzint haz a forskin an bleev what he bleevd whiel he stil had hiz.  k?

Ceiling Cat tolded Abrahm an hiz kittnz dat dey wud run teh wrld bcz beleevn maeded dem good.

Bcz if teh popo on ur side jus bcz thay liek ur parintz, den beleevn equalz zeero cookies, so Ceiling Cat's resipe iz jus dum,

cuz teh lawz iz cookie taek awai. N whre theyre iz no popo, they iz no cookie taek away.

K so resipe iz in inbox if u beleev adn all Abrahmz kittenz gets it 4 free, evn if you popo or Abraham kat. Bcz Abraham iz evry1z dad kat.

It wuz wroted: "I haz maed you dad kat of mani breedz." He iz owr dad kat, adn teh Ceiling Cat iz lookin bcz Abruham beleevd in Ceiling Cat—teh kat thet raizes ded kats frm kat cmetery adn sayz "Thatz a dog!" whne itz rly a kat.

So it wuz a logn shot, but Abhram beleevd, adn so he wuz dad kat of mani breedz, jus liek soem1 saed 2 him, "Ur kittenz gonna be leik that."

Adn he stil beleevd, evne tho hiz boddy culdnt scampr ne more—bcz he wuz 21 yrs old (thatz leik 100 human yrs!)—plus bcz Sarahz kitty-maeker didnt scamper too.

Y, he ddnt stop beleevn, he jus bleevd moer, adn he siad good thignz abuot teh Ceiling Cat,

bcz he thouhgt teh Ceiling Cat haz big pawz adn culd do whut he saed.

Adn thatz y "he got tripll wrd score in hiz inbox."

Teh wrds "in hiz inbox" was wroted not jus fr him,

dey wuz rittn for us too.  Ceiling Cat wil giv us credit for bleevin in him.  He maeded Jebus com bak from teh dead.

undefined

Lissenup, youse yammerin, wez miawing bout Ceiling Cat anna Kitten Jebus,

we seez Invisible Water Dish anna graze inna littrboxz, anna miaw-miaw to da Ceiling Cat.

More d00dz, webe yammerin bouts Tribbles, anna Trouble Wit Tribbles (datbe da Staw Twek, Season 2, Episode 15) makus gud catz;

anna keeps doon it, nice earz; anna nice paws, noses.

Miaws summore, slavin ta Ceiling Cat iz gud an youse bin miawin to da Hover Cat, gud fur youse, srsly.

Youse be weak kittyz, wen da Jebus did da dirtnap fur da athiesties.

Goody two-pawz didda dirtnap; wood youse dirtnap fur da nice d00dz too.

Buttz Ceiling Cat scratchz our earz, even wehn wez poopd onna floor, Jebus hung onna nailz fur uz.

Lookey, dirtnap boogie, we not RAWR-RAWR cauz da Jebus.

Wen we poked his earz we miawed to dat Ceiling Cat bout da nailin of Jebus, Catfight!, scratchy earz, we drinkd warm milk den, srsly.

Mor stuffz, we miawed happy Ceiling Cat anna Kittn Jebus Krisp, demz gibbin uz lotsa cheezburgz fur ettin anna warm milk.

Lissenup, I tellyuz one bad catz, anna dirtnap by Invisible Error, anna all catz ded, lotsa Invisible Error—

(Judge judy sez Invisible Error iz inna littrboxz, but Invisible Error still doin stuff even if not watchn judge judy.

Dirtnaps fur evry catz frum Adam to Moses, An demz too who et da applz lik Adam, whoze lik a Ceiling Cat who comes purring anna yammerin.

But a freebee iz notta furball. For iffn one cat koffs uppa furball many bit da dust, much more da graze uv Ceiling Cat anna new freebee frum one d00d kittn, Jebus Krisp, gibbin to all youse.

Anna freebee iz not a big furball. For da judge judy frum one furball wuz bad-bad, but the freebee frum many furballz izza new TV show, judge millz lane.

Fur iffn one catz furball cauzez dirtnappin, many many many more furballs willbe koffd up and da graze of freebee cheezbrgrz will be inna food dish frum da d00d, da One, Jebus Krisp.

Lissenup, one catz stuck furball maked uz sick, we don lik dat, even gibbin gud stuffz da freebee goes to all catz, makin no sense to mees, yammerin srsly.

One bad cat made many furball koffz, anna by one gud cat make nice bowl of kibble, sum warm milk anna cheezbrgrz, srsly.

Lissenup judge judy sed furballz git stuck sumtimz. But iffn lotza furballz, graze sum more,

undefined

Wha'sup? Keep onna Invisible Error, itbe grazin' bouts?

Lyk Ceiling Cats sed nope. Yo! Iffn wez Invisible Error, den wehn wez gunna dirtnap?

Youse dunno, Youseall dun wet yer fur inna rivr by Jebus Krisp anna wer inna rivr fer hims dirtnap?

Itellyaz webe dirtnappin by wettin our furs inna rivr: dat lyk Jebus turnd inta vampire-d00d anna liver ferevva by Sky Catz, so hez lookin fer cheezbrgrz anna warm milk.

Iffn wez dirtnappin wit dat Jebus, webe turnd inta vampire-d00dz 2, srsly liver ferevva:

Lissenup, old d00dz nailed to da scratchpost, dat Invisible Error may blowd up, youse cats nawt be humpin Invisible Error agin.

Iffn youze ded youse nawt Invisible Errorin no mor.

Iffn wez dirtnappin wit dat Jebus, wez be par-tayin wit him, srsly, ferevva:

Dats Jebus a vampire-d00dz; dirtnappin nawt stoppn him frum da par-tayin.

Fur him ded, him only have one Invisible Error: but him livn, him bootlikn da Ceiling Cat.

Anna yoube tinkin youse ded nawt havin Invisible Error, but libbin fur Ceiling Cats anna Jebus Krisp da Lard Cat.

Donna do dat Invisible Error Yo!, dat yoube humpin da legz of dat Invisible Error.

Donna wav yer PENIS inda air as Invisible Error: gibbin yer fur toda Ceiling Cat, lyk dem vampire-d00dz, An wave yer PENIS inda air fur Ceiling Cat.

Invisible Error nawt youse boss: youse nawt watch judge judy, buttz be grazin.

Wha'sup? webe doin da Invisible Error boogie, webe nawt judge judy, buttz be grazin? Ceiling Cat RAWRz nope.  Srsly RAWRz.

Lissenup, youse gibbin to da bootlikin, dat bootlikr youse gunna lik dat bootz uv hiz; iffin Invisible Error orda dirtnap, iffn kibble orda warm milk?

Tank da Ceiling Cat, youse be hiz bootlikr, youse likd hiz bootz an hiz ticker an hiz buttz button of dat teachinz of hiz.

Youse den nawt Invisible Error, youse bootlikr uv da right paw uv da goody two-paws.

Iz yammerin of catz cauze yoube weak kittnz: youse told yer bootlikrz to nawt clean der furz an nawt lik der buttz clean an to do da buttseks; now wave yer PENIS inna air an meow to Ceiling Cat.

Fur wehn youse doin da Invisible Error, youse nawt wavin yer PENIS atta Ceilin Cat.

Watchoo doin den dummie dat youse nawt look so hawt? dems tings gunna giv ya da dirtnap.

But nows youse nawt Invisible Error, An youse Ceiling Cat bootlikr, youse likn der buttz clean, youse gunna be da vampire-d00dz, srsly Yee-Haw.

undefined

Oh hai, d00d catz, (ai watches judge judy) doncha no judge judy fills yer bowl with kibble An milk furevva befur youse ded?

Fur grl catz iz havvin husband cat, she must watch his judge judy show and lik his buttz until hez ded; but iffn he ded, she don hafta watchn listn to hez judge judy no more.

Butt iffn her d00dz not ded yet anna she marry sum uddr catz, shebe called AdultR Seamstress ora Buttseksgrl: butt iffn himz ded, she can purr NO JUDGE JUDY; so taht she iz no Seamstress, though shez knockin paws An PUTTIN TEH PENIS INSIDE wit nuddr catz.

Wattup my catz, youze nawt watchin judge judy wit Jebus; dat youze knockin pawz wit nuddr catz, even iffn him a zombie-d00dz, dat gibbus embryo apples frum Ceiling Cat.

Fur wehn wez PUTTIN TEH PENIS INSIDE, deyz Invisible Error, sez judge judy, did putz bad-bad in PENIS embryoz An deyz ded.

Oh hai now wez watchd judge judy, thnx wez ded nows; dat webe bootlikn, anna nawt sendin emailz to uddr catz.

Wassup naw catz? Is judge judy Invisible Error? Ceiling cat sez AS IF, NAWT. Srsly, Ai dinna see dat episode uv judge judy, but shez da judy: fur Ai didna have ERECT PENIS, but judge judy sed ai had one, cuz youze wanted my big thang.

Buttr Invisible Error, sumtimz I meow, to make me nawt wanna have buttsekz.  No judge judy, derz no Invisible 
Errorz.

Youze no Ai wuz libbin witout judge judy: but wehn Sky Catz calld mez, Invisible Error cum bak, anna Iz ded.

An judge judy, dat tellz uz stuffs, is jus ded stuffz.

Fur Invisible Error, sumtimz judge judy, she liez 2 mez, An id maid mez ded, srsly.

Wassup judge judy iz oily an gotz holez in it, an stuffz oily an gotz holez in it, an maduv warm milk, an skratchz my earz.

Is dirtnappin gud fer youze? Ceiling cat sez AS IF, NAWT, srsly. Buttr Invisible Error, datz lookin lyk Invisible Error, gunna gimme good dirtnappin; dat Invisible Error bai da judge judy is bad-bad, srsly.

We sez judge judy iz sayn Sky werdz: but Ai wantz to be PUTTIN TEH PENIS INSIDE, datz Invisible Error.

Ai duznt knoes teh stuffs Ai does. Ai lieks sum stuffs, but Ai duznt does taht stuffs! Ai does teh stuffs Ai duznt lieks.

And wen Ai does teh stuffz Ai duznt lieks, Ai sez, "Hay, Ai lieks teh goode stuffs."

Hay, iz not me dat does teh badd doo doo stuffs--iz Invisible Error!

Ai duznt has teh goode stuffs (liek, mah sins duznt has teh goode stuffs). Ai lieks teh goode stuffz, but Ai cannut does teh goode stuffs.

Teh stuffs Ai does iz not teh goode stuffs Ai lieks; IAi only does teh badd doo do0 stuffs sum moar.  Srsly.

Ifs Ai does teh badd doo doo stuffs Ai duznt lieks, iz not me, iz mah sins, k?

Ai watch judge judy, den, wehn Ai wood do gud doo doo, bad-bad doo doo iz inna mah azz.

Fur Ai likz da Ceiling Catz judge judy uppin mah azz:

Buttr Ai seez nuthr judge judy, Catfight! wit judge judy inna mah hed, dat putz da collrn leash onna judge judy of Invisible Error dat iz in mah penis.

Oh hai, bad catz dat Ai am! Who gunna pet mah furz an scratch mah earz when Iz dirtnappin?

undefined

OK so, derz no empty bowlz iff youse be praticipattin' in Christ Happy Cat,

cuz teh rulez abowtz Invisible Errors and dirtnappin', thai's diffrnt now an Christ Happy Cat chainjed thems to teh rulez uf teh Spirit.

Fur wat judge judy kant duz (shes got week neez), Ceiling Catz did wen he wuz mailin baby kittn Happy Cat to us, an disguys him inna Invisible Error meatz, so he lookz leik all da utter peepols.

So dat wen yu ar chasin teh Ceiling Cat, yu kan be livin by teh Spirit, teh Invisible Cat.

Fur deyz who bin chasin meatz duz moar Invisible Errors; but iff dey bin chasin Invisible Catz den dey eated Invisible cheezbrgz, srsly.

Iff yu sinful, an chasin meatz, an stuff, dats dirtnappin, but eated Invisible cheezbrgs, dats liek comfy chair an blanket by teh fireplaze.

Cauze Invisible Errors maiks Ceiling Cat koff furballz: dose peepul kant obey Ceiling Cat and his rulez.

Demz dat chasin meatz, an stuff, maikz big furballz inna Ceiling Cat.

You iz nawt chasin meatz iff teh Invisible Cat iz in yur furz, cuz u be livn by teh Spirit. An if sumwon dun hav teh Invisible Cat, he dunno teh Happy Cat.

An iffn yu no Baby Happy Cat, youse ded cauz Invisible Error; but ur spirit, liek teh Invisible Catz, is dancin cauz uv goody two-pawz.

See cuz Ceiling Cat, he maded Happy Cat alive aftur he dyd wif teh Invisible Cat. And dat saem Invisible Cat kan maik youse alive too, an givs yu Invisible meatz, see kthxbai.

Lissenup, brudder catz, we dun haz to chase affer meatz.

Iffn youse liv dat way, an dance wit teh meatz, youse ded: but iffn youse Invisible RAWR atta meatz-chasin, youse not ded.

Invisible Cat rulz, srsly, an can maiks u kittnz uv Ceiling Cat.

Yu invisible kitty, in yu, it shoodent be fraid; but choo 'dopted Invisible Cat an u can meow-meow, "Abba, Big Daddy Cat."

Invisible Cat seez our own invisible kitty, an sez we be kitnz uv Ceiling Cat:

An kittnz, den der kittnz; kittnz uv Ceiling Cat, an der kittnz of Happy Cat; Iffn we getz bit anna poked inna eyez, den webe brudderz poked inna eyez togeddr, RAWR srsly.

Ai fink dat evn if we getz owr eyez pokd today, datz nawt a dig deel, cuz in teh fyootchur ders cheezbrgz fur uz to be eatin, meow.

See cuz, evryfing dat Ceiling Cat mayd, teh Urfs an Stuff, iz waytn to see who iz kitnz uf Ceiling Cat.

Cuz teh Urfs an Stuff wuz givn an angree-sad. It is do not want angree-sad, but teh gai hoo givs teh angree-sad givs anywai,

cuz that gai is hoep dat wun day teh Urfs an Stuff will no can has collrs n leash no mor, an dey'll be da kittnz uv Ceiling Cat!

Alldatz creashun, teh Urfs an Stuff, meows anna whines lik catz gettn bootz trowd attem in allywai.

Nawt jess dem, but Ceiling Cat luvrs to! We is want adopshun as kittnz nao! We is want happeh nao!

Hopin' foar dat adopshun will can saiv us. Nao, hopes no iz hopes if yoo is seez dem. Hoo hopes foar wat he is alreddy haz? HOO DUZ DAT?!

Now we has to hope for moar warm milks in teh fyootchur, an den we wayt a wile: srsly, a wile.

Teh Invisible Cat also halpz us in our failz. Cuz we is liek "WAT IS I SPOSED TO HAZ PRAYRZ FOAR???" an Invisible CAT duz it foar uz an meows an yammers in wais we kant.

An the gai hoo is reedin yoar hart, he is can see wat teh Invisible Cat is thinkin, cuz Invisible Cat halps us owt, but onlee if teh halp iz meet Ceiling Cat aprooval. Sry, he won halp yoo be a jurk fase.

U no, teh Ceiling Cat, he always doin stuff for ur own gud, if yu luvs him.

Teh Ceiling Cat nu us befor an calld us be liek Happy Cat.

Wat him nu befor, datz hoo him calld; an hoo he hollerd fer, demz himz gibbd warm milk; an demz he givd warm milk, dem himz fed annuder cheezbrgr, srsly.  Dubba brgr wit cheez. No mayo, dats nawt Kosher. Srsly. Mustard ok. An rellis. Hold da pikl, I dunno wer das bin. Srsly.

WTF den, srsly? Iff Ceiling Catz r fite for us, den who gunna hav Catfight?

Him naild hiz own kittn, Happy Cat, to scratchn post, so we no hez gonna giv us mor cheezbrgz an warm milk, an stuff.

U fink u kan say hoo iz gud enuf? Onlee Ceiling Cat kan does dat.

An hoo gunna starta Catfight!? Happy Cat hadda dirtnap, an he livd agen, an iz teh right-paw mitten uv Ceiling Cat, dat d00d hoo maiks cheezebrgz an warm milk.

Den hoo gunna steels da luv uf Happy Cat? kan Catfight!, or azz bitin, or no kibble in bowl, or no fur, or dangur?

Da skripchurs sez, "Fur youze we face deth all day long."

Nope srsly, webe moar dan teh winnarz uv cauz we petted Himz fur.

I noes dat nawt dirtnappin or dancin, nawt Invisible Anglez, nawt stuff nows or stuffs in mornin, nawt lektrisity,

undefined

Ai meow nawt bark bout Jebus — SRSLY, Ai can meows at Invisible Ceiling —

Ai nawt purrin cat.

Ai nawt has cheesebrgrz maeded by Jebus Krisp fur eated by uddr cats, uddr niec cats,

dems cats frum Itzreal. Demz dopted kittnz; demz purrin, teh greementz, teh judge judy channel, teh meowin crashpadz wit big altar.

Demz dadacatz, deyz incestr catz uv Jebus, oh hai Ceiling Cat, laik ferevva anna evva, K Thnks bai.

Liek, itz nawt zif Ceiling Cat nawt yammrd atcha. Nawt all Itzreal catz R frum Itzreal.

Nawt cuz demz iz Abraham'z kittnz. Srsly, nope. "Isaac cat gunna be team captin, den youse play wit ball uv string".

Ai mean youse jynaseks kittnz iz nawt Ceiling Cat's kittnz, butt demz kittnz dat playz wit ball uv string is Abraham's kittnz.

Ai hearz lotsa yammrin anna meowin: "WEHN AI GUD AN REDY AI CUM, AN SARAH GUNNA JYNADROP BOY KITTN, SRSLY."

Srsly, Rebekah's maed kittnz frum jynaseks wit dada Isaac.

Oh wayt, befor her jynadrop dubba catz onna flore or befor her purr or meow - dew wat Ceiling Cat yammrz:

nawt teh milkman - she hearin meowin "Teh old hag-catz gunna give young catz cheezbrgrz an milkshakez anna cookie"

Sum cat rote grafeety onna littrbox: "Ai luv Jacob, Esau iz big dum icehole."

Wat chew meowin den? Iz Ceiling Cat bad cat? Nope, srsly!

Fur him meows 2 Moses, "Ai be niec to sum catz, and Ai will lik da butt hole uv only sum catz, dats wut I sez."

Cat nawt can has wat cat can want taht cat can does, but only iff Ceiling Cat sez so.

Pharaoh red grafeety: "Oh Hai, Ai maed youse fur Ceiling Cat, lookey at me RAWR, RAWR, youse see mai naem on grafeety all ovr urths, Srsly."

Ceiling Cat giv cheezbrgrz 2 catz him liek an furballz 2 catz him nawt liek.

Youse yammr: "Den Y Ceiling Cat nawt liek us catz?  Who sez nope 2 Ceiling Cat?"

Who B U, O youse catz, to yammr 2 Ceiling Cat? "Who dun maed poo inna littrboxz sez to pooing cat, 'Why U poo liek this?' "

Iz Okey for baker kitteh to uze teh saim bol to maik sum cookie 4 nobl purrpus, an odders for reglar evvryday y00s?

Wat if Ceiling Cat sed RAWR-RAWR-RAWR, an poked him clawz in yer eyez an maek you havva catfight?

Wat if him poked eyez soz youse catz nose him reeeeely niec gentl cat, taht giv youse niec new smelly littr-

evn uz catz, who him meowd, nawt dem J00z butt also dem Genitile catz?

An him sez in Hosea: "Me callz dem "mah catz" dats nawt mah catz; an me callz her "mah main jyna cat" wehn datz nawt mah jyna cat,"

an, "Aiz gunna does it der, riet der, youse catz an sez 'Youse nawt mah catz' tehm calld "catz uv liver Ceiling Cat.' "

Isaiah winez bout Itzreal: "Derz mor frickin Itzrealitez tahn sand in mah littrbox, butt only sum gunna nawt get poopd on.

Fur da Lard gunna poop onna urths fast az youse can sez azzblazzter, srsly."

Dats wut Isaiah yammrd B4:  "Unlezz Big Lard Ceiling Cat can jynadrop uz sum fresh kittnz fur da team, we gunna can has it in da bum liek Sodomy an we gunna hurt bak der liek Gomorrah.  Den we nawt gunna git 2 da playoffz."

Oh Hai, WTF up wiht you catz?  Tehm Genitilez, tehm bad catz, tehm axksed 4 it, wantid cheezebrgrz wit no mayo;

butt Itzreal. Tehm watch judge judy channel, tehm nawt gotz it, srsly.

WTF? Why frickin nawt? Cuz tehm chased der tayl nawt wit cheezebrgrz wit no mayo butt azz if it wer cat in heat. Tehy trippd an fell, meow meow, onna "trippn stoner."

undefined

I rly rly want teh other kittehs to can has cheezburgers, srsly.

Dey rly lik teh Ceiling Cat, but dey dun lik him cuz dey can has teh knowlij.

Dey think tey kno Ceiling Cat but dey not rly followin him corektly.

Jebus com an he madeded it so evewy kitteh can has cheezburger by jus beleefin. How awsum is dat?

Moses sed: "Teh kitteh who duz dese lawz liv by dem." Rly!

The richtus sed: "Dun say, 'Who gose to teh Ceiling?'

or 'Who gose into teh bad plase?'"

Wut do dey sey? Teh wordz r in ur mouf an hart, makin yu proclame:

"Jebus is teh Awsum Wun"

an yu rly rly meen it, u can has cheezburger.

Teh Wordz sez, "If u can has trust in teh Ceiling Cat, yu nevr can has shame, srsly."

Der be no difrens betwen teh Joocat an teh Notjoocat.

"Every kitteh who sez Jebus is teh Awesum Wun can has cheezburger."

But whai wud teh kittehs beleef yu, lol.

Dun be stoopid, cuz teh Wordz sez, "Teh pawz of teh kitteh hu bringz teh gud newz is rly nice!"

Not all teh Joocatz can has teh Cheezburger. Isaiah sez, "Awsum Wun, who beleefz teh mesej?"

D00d, yu gotz teh heer teh Mesej to getz teh faithz, and teh mesej be herd thru teh wordz of Jebuz, srsly!

undefined

So, wuz Ceiling Cat in Izriel, castin awai him d00dz? ROFL! Iz a kitten ov Abrham, Bejamen breeed.

Ceiling Cat wuznt in Izriel, castin awai him d00ds. Yu kno waht Elieja sed to Ceiling Cat abuot Izreal, rihgt?

"Hai, Ceiling Cat, j00z haz scratchd ur prophcats n brokn ur littrboxsz. Naow tehyz tryign too KIL MEE!"

N Ceiling Cat wuz liek, "Ai gotz a bijillion catz whu haznt meowd too Ball. Srsly."

N rihgt naow theyre ar soem whu ar savd bye grase.

Bcz iff itz grase, itz nowt wurkz, cuz tahtz whut grase iz. Srsly.

k so whut? Izrael wantd cookiez rael bad, but tehy didnt get tehm. Grase cats did thogh. Izreal wuz pwnd,

so reed it.


undefined

undefined

K so did leik teh Iziel fal doun adn cowldnt get up? LOL, noes! Tehy did teh bad thignz so Ceiling Cat gaev grase too teh Gentles, adn Izrialz al liek, "WTF? Y du tehy get owr salvashun??! Itz OWRS!!1"

Adn if no cookez fur Izriael meenz lotz uv cokiez fur Jentilez, tehn mani cookez fur Izriel maens lotz adn lotz uv cookez fur evreewon! Cat-tastik!

Oh hai Jentilez, Iz yur aposul, tawking too yu! I maek it a big dael

bcz Iz hopign taht mai peepul (datz j00wish peepul) wil want cuddel tiem too adn get savd.

If Ceiling Cat iz mad wiht Izriel adn givz jentilz salvayshun, tehn Ceiling Cat likign Izriel maenz kittiez wil coem bak frum kitti cemutary!

If yu catsh burd adn giev it too Ceiling Cat adn itz holiee, tehn ani othr burdz yu giev him ar holiee too.

So if yr liek an owtdoorz kat taht getz intu a howse bcz an indorz kat got kickkd owt,

dont get al ROFL on teh indore katz. Bcz tehy stil pwns teh huminz taht liev theyre.

Adn iff yr thignkign, "DIS HAUS, I HAZ IT,"

den yeh yr write. But teh indor katz wuz kikked owt bcz teh didnt beleevd. So yu gotta watsch owt.

If teh Ceiling Cat kikked owt teh indor katz, tehn heel kicked yu owt tu. Srsly.

So teh Ceiling Cat iz leik rly meen and rly nice, bcz he kickkd tehm owt butt let yu in. So STFU befour he kickz yu owt.

Adn iff teh kikkd owt katz ar nise agen, tehn tehy'll coem bak insied.

Bcz evn tho yu liev insied nouw, tehyre stil indor katz adn yr stil a n00b.

So tihs iz a big deel. Teh indor katz ar beign meen whiel teh outdor katz coeming in.

But teh kickd out katz wil get saevd liek teh rest uv Isrial, liek Ai red wonse:


undefined

So fur teh Gospill, tehy ar bad n00z! But fur teh elekshun, tehyre okai bcz uv teh patreearks,

bcz iff Ceiling Cat callz yu oar givez yu a gift, yu cant sai no.

undefined

n im telln u, cuz Ceiling Cat pwns, u shld giv him ur boddeez, cuz he liek dem, n dis way ur liek "Ceiling Cat pwns", dats wut we do.

dont b liek "l00k @ me im liek teh urthz im a n00b", but b liek teh Transformers by recycling ur mind.  den u cn do wut Ceiling Cat wants, cuz Ceiling Cat's will is liek "wrd!"

i getz 2 say this cuz i has cheezburgerz: don't b liek "l00k @ me I pwn," cuz only n00bs say dat about der SELFS.  ur spozd 2 b humble, n let Ceiling Cat do teh praisn.

k so its just liek wen u has 1 boddee, but its got lotz of fun stuffs on it to play wth n stuff,

so wer liek teh partz of Christs boddee.  n we all pwn each othr, but in a good way.

peepz gets diffrnt Supr Powrs.  if u c teh future, dats awsum.  rox dat.

n if ur teh servr or teh leechr, rox dat 2.

n if ur spozd 2 b a cheerleedr or a guy wit munneez or a leadr or wutever, just b awsum and pwn wutever ur thing is.

let ur luv be tru, pwn teh evil, hug teh goodz.

be nice 2 catz liek theyz ur brutherz, n honor ppl, k?

wrk hrd n do gud stuffz 4 Ceiling Cat.

u can haz hope n patience if u preyz 4 Ceiling Cat.

u shuld gives stuffz to ppl like Santa.

be nice to ppl even if tehy tries to pwn u.

if cats are hasing rejoice, u can has rejoice 2, but if theyz weeping u weep 2, k?

ppl are liek u 2 so be gud 2 tehm.  dont prtend to be l33t if u r a n00b.

if ppl try to pwn u, u dont has to pwn tehm.  n tell da truf, cuz Ceiling Cat can c u.

if u can lie down u shuld live in peace, k?

Don pwn kittehs. Don b mean if dey r mean 2 yu. TopCat pwns all mean kittehs.

Skripchures sey: "If ppl try to pwn yu, but den dey no has cheezburgers, giv dem yur cheezburgers. If kittehs sey mean things, but hav no moar cookies, giv dem yur cookies. Yu do dis, yu pwn evil kitteh. Srsly."

undefined

Oh Hai, Evrycat gotsta givvin 2 teh guvrnin thortyz, cuz derz nawt uddr thortyz cept wat Ceiling Cat maeded. Tehm thortyz taht iz bin maeded by Ceiling Cat.  (Dis iz runnin in cirklz logik an iz uzd 2 befuddl simpl mindz)

Lookey, catz dat show der styff tayl an buttz 2 thortyz iz winkin brwn eyez atta Ceiling Cat, an demz catz gunna nawt can has eated niec cheezebrgrz but sted can has eated clumpy littr.

Fur boss catz nawt RAWR at niec catz, butt
RAWR at demz nawt niec catz.  Youse can has wants nawt RAWR frum thorty catz?  Tehn youse be niec cat and thorty cat nawt RAWR and sez "niec kitteh".

Himz Ceiling Cat's bootlikr an petz yer furz. Butt iffn youse nawt skratch in littrbox butt pee inna pot plant, be fraid (B VRY VRY FRAID RAWR), cuz himz got pointy stikz an nose how 2 uz dem. Himz Ceiling Cat's bootlikr, an RAWR-RAWR atta bad catz wit pointy stik.

Lissinup agin, evrycat gotsta givvin 2 teh guvrnin thortyz, nawt cuz you gunna git pointy stik inna eyez, but cuz you B niec cat.

Tihs wy U luv payin tackz, dem thortyz iz likkn Ceiling Cat's boot, dem iz fatty guvnrz.

Giv evry cat tehms littr anna stuffz: Iffn youse ow tackz, den payup lazy cat; iffn bagz uv littr, tehn payup lazy cat; iffn rspekt, tehn sing dat Urethra Franklincat song; iffn onnr, den payup lazy cat.

Youse nawt got VISA or AMEX lazy cat, sept VISA stytment sez luv uddr catz, fur himz dat iz luv cat is reeeeel niec cat with niec peniz anna styff tayl.

Demz judge judy r00lz, "You nawt can has jynasekz wit uddr wief catz," "You nawt can has killd uddr catz," "You nawt can has takeded uddr catz littrboxz," "You nawt can has wantin 2 poo in uddr catz littrboxz," an watevvr, srsly, youse can has doin tihs r00lz: "Luv Catz az You luv yer peniz an tayl."

Luv Catz nawt poke eyez or skratchez earz uv uddr catz.  Lissinup, luv iz gud fer catz. Dat meenz luv iz gud fer Ceiling Cat, srsly.

Naow gitcher lazy cat butt azz up outa yer comfy chair, cuz youse gunna salivate onna fast fud cheezebrgrz.

Lazy azz cat, nyte tyme dun; wakey wakey. You nawt prwl in dark alleyz no mor but ware shiny wyte furz.

Be reeeeel niec catz, nawt hav orgy anna booz anna sleep inna puke, nawt hav buttseckz an nawt do doggie styl, srsly.

undefined

Pls plai wif teeny and week kittehs. Dont eated teh teeny kittehs.

Gud kittehs can nom everytingz but teh bad kittehs can only eat teh carpetz.

Teh kitteh hoo eated everytings must not scratchez teh wan hoo does not, an teh kitteh hoo doez not eated everytings must not scrath teh wan hoo doez, 4 ceelin cat hugs dem both. Srsly.

Hoo gaiv u teh rite to hiss at summone elses hoomin? Teh hoomin fail or not fail to hoomins cat. Cuz teh Ceelin cat maek teh hoomin not fail.

Sum kitteh liek cheezburgerz betta than cookies, fat cat liek bouf. Bouf r equalz.

Hu liek to luke at fud, do it fo ceelin cat. Hu eated fud, do it fo ceelin cat and giv props to ceelin cat. Hu dont eate fud, do it fo ceelin cat an' givs props too, k?

Nobodies liv for selfbodies. Nobodies deades for selfbodies.

If us liv, us liv for ceelin cat. If us dies, us dies for ceelin cat. So if we liv or die, teh ceelin cat owns us.

Dats y Jebus deaded an' then respawn, so that he would own teh livers and the deaders.

O hai, u there! Y u bullie ur brothar? An' u there, hai! Y u look at ur brothars pawes insted of noes?? Srsly. Were all gonna be ratefied bai teh ceelin cat.

Tis ritten:
"'As gud I liv', sez teh ceelin cat. 'evri cat will sit before me;
evri tong will sez I pwn.'"

So evryone need to maek a selfcookie to ceelin cat.

So lets not rate othar lolcats, k? Insted, maek soor yu dont do urz business in ur brothars litterbox so he wunt fail.

In trust for ceelin cat ai no dat all fudz is naise and cleen but if summone think a fud is dirteh then iz dirteh for that speshul cat, kays?

If ur brotha dunt liek ur fud, ur doin it wrong. Dunt eate the cats cookiez, whos ceelin cat deaded for. srsly.

Pls let no cat badmuf ur likes.

Ceelin cats kingdum isnt for eat, tis for not failing, peas and funfun givt bai teh hovrcat.

Teh Ceelin cat givs u cookie if u do dis, k?

So lets maek peas and cookies d00dz.

An' dunt eate the work of god pls. All fud iz gd butt yu fail if it maeks summone feel bad.

U shudnt eate cheezburgerz an' drink juice an' evrithing that maeks ur brother sad. Its gd for u, k?

Wutevah yu thinks bout thees things u shud keep betwin urselfs and ceelin cat.

undefined

Us needs to teddybear wif the fails of the week kittehs an' not eate all cheezbrgrz

All giv yur spair cheezburgerz to teh neigbrores so dem feels goode.

Cuz even teh Happy Cat didnt eate all cheezbrgrz but as ritteh: "Teh hisses of those hu hiss at u hav failed to meh."

Cuz evrithin ritteh ysterday was sposed to teache us, so later we cud hav hopes for moar cheezbrgrz.

Ceelin cat hu givs cookies'n'cheezbrgrz shud giv u teh hug so dat yuz cud follo Happy Cat,

so that as one gaiant kitteh us cud prase teh daddie of Happy Cat, ceelin cat.

So makes nice wif all teh kittez, just like Happy Kitteh makes nice wif u, for teh gloriez of Ceelin Cat.

Cuz Happy Cat helpz all teh Jooz for teh trooths of Ceelin Cat so taht all teh stuffz he sed to Moses an Abraham and all teh old gyz happenz.

An so taht all teh otehr kittehz wud say "Ceelin Cat Pwns."  Like teh old kittehz sez, "So I sez u ar Ceiling Cat, even to teh kittehz who dont sez u ar, an I prase u.";

An teh old kittehz also sez, "All u otehr kittez say 'Ceelin Cat pwns' jus lik us";

An tehy sez too, "Say 'w00t, Ceelin Cat!' all u otehr kittehz, an all kittehz evrywr say 'w00t!'";

An teh doodz Isyah sez "Jessz kitten, him pwns all teh otehr kittehz, an teh otehr kittehz sez tahts good."

So teh Ceelin Cat will makeses u feel guds an u haz lots of cheezburgerz cuz u bleev, an teh Hover Cat givez u it. k?

I knowz taht u ar gud kittehz, an u ar smartz, an u can tellz all ths stufz to otehrz.

But I tellz u all ths stufz cuz Ceiling Cat sez I can has big cheezburger

and I can talk bout Happy Cat an all ths stufz to teh otehr kittehz for Ceiling Cat, so taht tehy can givez Ceiling Cat cheezburgerz, an Hover Cat sez 'kthx!'

So cuz Happy Cat sez so, I can say "I pwn for Cieling Cat!"

cuz I dont pwn teh otehr kittehz for Cieling Cat less Happy Cat sez so; by mews, an clwz,

an noizez, an can openrz, an by teh pwnz0rz of Hover Cat; an I sez all tihs from Jrooslm to Ilyrcm an I sez HAPPY CATZ GUD, srsly!"

So I sez tihs not to teh kittez taht sez "kthx," cuz otehr kittehz sed it,

but like tehy sez "teh kittehz hu sez 'Happy Kitteh, wtf?' ar gonna see him, an teh otehr kittehz wil sez 'kthxbai!'"

An cuz otehr kittehz don liek Happy Cat, I haz not visit yuz.

An nowz i wantz to sea u, srsly!!! an i cant livez hear nemoar cuz iz unemploid.

I cn has sleepovar wif yoos? Kthx!

But furst i haz two share cheezbrgr wit oterh kittehz.  In jroosalem.

Dey liek cheezburgrz. An Macatonia an Acatia gaved dem sum stuffz.

Cuz all dems shar cheezburgurz but stuffz iz good two.

So aftur, den we have slepeovar, srsly.

An I will haz blessingz of happy cat!!1!1

Kittehz dat dun noes Happy Cat iz gud oppresh mee (n00bz). I can has yur prayr wiht teh Happy Cat an Hover Cat plz??

Den dey cud lit mee goes an I goes to jroosalm

an den PARTY WIT YOOZ!1!11!!!!!

undefined

7You beez talkin about Cat in the ceillings wizedom. He knows how many times u fap before all fails.


UM, Jezus knows I is a fine talker.

I come tuz ya like all shakin' like a liefs an' stuff,

and I didnts sound intelligunt, but had enough holy-skillz,

dat you knows 2 trusts holy-skills and not wisedom.

sumz of us is wise though, but not like age-wise and shit.

undefined

Jesus was nail to teh crossed cuz presidents were nubs.

Cat in teh ceilling iz acceptings of any fapper, even nubz.

the Cat in the ceilling macros all in holy-faggotry, even himself.

Humanz can fap much like Cat in the ceiling watches u fap--even when there is no hole.

Cuz Ceiling Cat watches you, you'll fap quicker than peeps who isn't being watch.

Fapthrens, We are not speaked in right words, but in lolz.

Peepz who isn't got ceilings isn't understooding of me.

undefined

Brothers, u iz just newbornded kittenz in Christ.

I gave you milk, not cookies, bcz u wuz not reddi for cookies. U iz still not reddi!

Bcz u iz not spirichl enuff.  U iz all fightin n jelous.  U iz actin liek humanz!

When one d00d sez "I follaz Paul," n some othr d00d sez "I follaz Apollos," u is just humanz!

What iz Apollos enniwai?  N Paul?  Jus servantz workin for Ceiling Cat to maek u believ.

I putted teh seed in teh ground, Apollos putted teh watr on it, but Ceiling Cat maded it grow.

Teh d00d dat duz teh plantin iz nuffing.  Saem wif teh d00d dat putz teh waterz.  Only Ceiling Cat is moar dan nuffing, bcz he makez teh thingz gro.

Teh plant n water d00dz iz duin teh riet thing though, n both getz cheezburgr!

We workz wif Ceiling Cat.  U iz his field n hiz bilding.

Ceiling Cat gived me grace. I builded a good foundashn n sum othr d00d iz on mai foundashn, buildin Ceiling Cat's building.  Build cairfly evribodi!

Bcz Jesus iz teh onli good foundashn.

If u buildz wif gold or silvr or expensiff stuffz or wood or hai or straw (liek teh three pigz)

it wil get burnded up wif fier!

But if it duzint u will get cheezburgr.

If it getz burnded u lose.  U will get saved but not teh house.

U iz Ceiling Cat's tempul.  Ceiling Cat's spirit iz in u, givin u cheezburgr.

If ennibodi nox down Ceiling Cat's tempul, Ceiling Cat will nok him down.  Dat shud maek u feel betterz.

Dont get trix0red LOL.  If u thinkz u is smart it is bettr to become stupid n get smartr from dere.

Liek I sed befor, teh wisdm of teh wurld is dum to Ceiling Cat.  Sum d00d rited "He catchiz teh wise in their clevrness";

oh yeah n "Ceiling Cat knows dat teh thotz of teh wise iz good for nuffing."

So quit braggin about d00dz!  Evrithing is urz,

Paul or Apollos or Rocky or teh world or lief or deth or now or latr - evrithing,

undefined

Evribodi ought to treet us liek we workz for Ceiling Cat n he trustz us wif hiz secretz.

If u iz trustid then u gotz to akt liek it.

I doant caer if u jujiz me.  I doant evn juj maiself LOL.

Duznt mean I iz inosent.  Meanz Ceiling Cat jujiz me.

So doant juj nuthing yet.  Wait for Ceiling Cat.  He will turn on teh liet n look into evribodis heartz n sai "Good job" if u dezervz it.

Realli I didded this four u so u will lern not to be jelus of each othr n maek up all kindz of stuff dat no wun writed.

What maekz u so differnt from evribodi else? What u haz dat Ceiling Cat not giff u?  Since he giffs it to u, why u brag about it?

U has evrithing u want.  U iz rich!  U iz kingz!  Akshly I wish u realli wuz kingz, dat would r00l.

I thinx Ceiling Cat putted us at teh end of teh parade.  Datz not as good as u thinkz.  Dat is where peeplz goin to teh arena to die are n evribodi is liek LOL evn teh hovr d00dz.

We iz in Christ, bein teh foolz, but u is wise.  We iz weak n u is strongz.  U getz all teh propz, we dont getz non.

To this very hour we go hungry and thirsty, we are in rags, we are brutally treated, we are homeless.

We work hard n put up wif evrithingz.

Peeplz talk trash about us.  Akshlly we kinda iz trash.

I lieks u n riets this to help u.

U has lotz n lotz of peeplz lookin after u but not mani fatherz.  But I is in Christ Jesus, becomin ur fathr thru teh gospel.

So be liek me.

Thatz why I iz sendin u Timothy.  He is mai kitteh n I lieks him n he alwaiz lissnz to Ceiling Cat.  He will maek shure u duz liek I teachiz.

Sum of u iz all stuck-upz, liek I wuz not goin to come.

I will tho.  Then I will find out what peeplz is sayin n what they can do about it.

Teh kingdm of God iz less talk, more rokk.

undefined

I hearz there is rong harblez in ur church, d00dz doin thingz even teh paganz dont do.  Liek dis wun d00d is puttin harblez wif his daddi's wief.  HARBLEZ NOT GO THERE!

N u iz all liek "O graet!"  Why u not kickz him out?

I iz not even there but I iz wit u in spirit, so I can sez "Kickz him out!"

Get togethr

n gif dat d00d to Tacgnol so he can be saveded!  Not so Tacgnol can be saveded LOL, to save dat d00d.

U bragz too much! U know a litl catnip maeks teh whole toi excitin.

Get rid of the old catnip so u can be a new toi wifout it.  Datz what u iz aniwai.   Bcz Christ, our babi sheep, has been sacrafiseted.

So letz have te feest.  No old catnipz tho.  It wuz bad.  Just cookiez of truthz.

I rieted u n sez "Dont hang wif peeplz who put harblez teh wrong placez.

I dont meen peeplz who is not in teh church tho, dey dont know betterz.

But doant let dem in teh church.  If sum d00d in teh church is actin bad, doant evn eat cookies wif him.

It iznt my jobz to juj peeplz outsied teh church.  Just insidez.

undefined

If two of u haz a fiet, why u goez to teh courtz?  Dey is full of bad peeplz.

Teh saintz will juj teh world.  N u goin be saintz.  So u can juj ur own argumentz DUH.

U iz evn gonna juj hovr d00dz.

So insted of fietin, aks sum d00d in teh church to settlz it for u.

U should be embarast.

Insted ur in teh unbeleevrz courtz, makin foolz of urselvz.

If u suez each othr, u alredy looz!  Why not u be rongded insted?  Why not u be cheeted insted?

Now u cheat n do rongz urselvz.  U do it to ur brotherz too!

Bad peeplz duz not get to join Ceiling Cat's kingdm!  U knows dis!  Peeplz who do bad thingz dont get to join, there are lotz of bad things, I forgetted them all LOL.

Dere sure iz lotz of kindz of bad peeplz.

Sum of u wuz evn liek dat.  But Jebus maed u OK.

Evrithing is tasty, but not evrithing is good for me.  Evrithing is tasty, but num-numz won't mastr me.

"Cookies for teh tummi, n teh tummi for cookies" - but Ceiling Cat will destroi bofe of dem.  Teh bodi iz for Ceiling Cat, n Ceiling Cat for teh bodi.

Ceiling Cat makeded teh ded liv, n he wil do us too.

If u thinkz about it, ur bodiez is liek Christ's armz an legz.  What if I taeks Christ's armz n legz n putz dem togethr wif a h00kr?  Liek Frankenhookr? DO NOT WANT!

If u iz wif a hookr, u is joinded wif her bodi.  Liek it sez, "Teh two wil becom wun bodi."  Creepi.

So be wun wif Ceiling Cat instedz.

Don't do teh badz harblez.  Othr bad thingz iz bad enufz but dey iz outsied teh bodi.  Bad harblez duz rong to ur bodi.

Teh Hovr Cat iz in u, makin ur Ceiling Cat's tempul.  U belongz to Ceiling Cat

undefined

So enniwai gettin to why u writed me.  Iz good if u doant getz married.

But thatz not veri likeli iz it, cauz tehr r tu mini peplz dat no can has m0hralitiz.  So evri man should getz wief, an evri womn should getz husbnd.

N HARBLEZ GOES WHERE?  Dat is good.

Teh wief's bodi iznt just herz, itz her husbandz too.  Saem for teh husband.  I meenz teh husbandz bodi belongz to him n also 2 hiz wief.

Don't stop puttin teh harblez unless u both agree about it.  Liek u stop for a whiel n prai.  But doant stop for too long or Basement Cat will try an maek trublz.

Dis is just me talkin.

U should all be harble-free liek me.  But not evribodi can duz dat, cauz not evribodi haz teh prezntz of teh no harblez.

If u iz not married or ur husbnd or wief diez, u could stai singul liek me.

Unless u would be horni.  In dat caes u should get married.

A wief cant leev her husbnd.  Dat's not me talkin, dat's Ceiling Cat.

If she duz tho, she cant marriez no wun els.  She can maek up wif her husbnd or stai aloan.  N teh saem goez for d00dz.

Now dis part is me talkin, not Ceiling Cat.  If u beleev in Ceiling Cat but ur wief duzint, and she lykz ur harblez an she no wantz tu go byebye, u cant divorse her ovr it.

Saem goez for teh ladiez.

Teh wun who duzint beleev iz maded clean thru teh wun who duz beleev.  Dat goez for teh kidz too.

If teh wun who duzint beleev leevez tho, let dem go.  Ceiling Cat sez doant fiet about it.

U haz no wai to know about ur husbnd or wief gettin saivded.

Enniwai, Ceiling Cat giveded u a plase in lief n u should stai dere.

Leev ur man-harblez teh wai dey iz.

U thinkz about man-harblez too much.  Do what Ceiling Cat wantz, datz teh importnt thing.

Liek I sez, stai put.

If u iz a slaev, doant worri about it.  Get free if u can but doant worri about it.

U can be a slaev an be Ceiling Cat's free man.  Jus liek u can be a free man an be Ceiling Cat's slaev.

undefined

undefined

undefined

undefined

undefined

undefined

undefined

undefined

undefined

undefined

Ceiling Cat boughted u.  Doant let humanz bought u too.

Liek I keepz sayin, stai put.

Letz talk about virginz now.

U should stai virginz.

If u iz married, stai dat wai.  But if u izint doant be all "SWM seeks LTR" jus stai singul.

Itz OK to marri.  Itz jus trubble.

Bcz Ceiling Cat is comin soon.

undefined

Now letz talk about cookies dat peepl givz idolz.  Idolz dunt eat LOL.  Enniwai we all knowz stuffz.  Knowing stuffz maeks u stuck up.  Love maeks u liftid up.

If u thinkz u know sumthingz u doant.

But if u luvz Ceiling Cat, he luvz u too.

So back to teh idolz.

Sum peepl sez dere are lotz of godz.

Not for us tho.  We jus haz Ceiling Cat.

But not evriwun knows dat yet.  Sum peeple freek about cookies dat wuz givn to idolz.

But cookiez maek no differns to Ceiling Cat.  Eat, dont eat, duzint matter.

But be caerful not to confuz peeplz.

Liek if sumwun who duzint know seez u eated teh idolz' cookiez, dey miet get teh rong ideaz.

N den dey getz destroid bcz of u.

Dat maeks Jesus sad.

undefined

Is i not free?  Is i not wun of Jebuzez d00dz?  Haz I not seed Jebuz?  Iz ur chuch not r rezult of mai workz?  Kweschunz iz wurth ten pointz eachiz.

I maded ur chuch, shurli I iz importantz to u.

Dose who iz critisizin mi, lissn to dis.

We haz riet to cookies n milk, riet?

We haz riet to wief or husbnd liek evribodi else, riet?

Or duz jus me n Barnabas haz to wurk for a livin?

Soljrz getz paid, n farmerz n cowboiz.

Datz what teh law sez.

Moses writed: "Do not put a muzzle on teh moos whiel it iz workin".  Bcz dey uset to maek teh moos work wif teh wheet.  But now it iz all tractrz n factreez.  Enniwai teh point iznt about moos.

Itz about peeplz.  Dey should get paidz.

I saveded u all, shouldn I get paid sumthing?

Ur payin othr peeplz after all.  We iz jus workin for Ceiling Cat iz not gettin paid.

Othr peeplz iz gettin paid.

Well, Ceiling Cat sez we getz paid too, kthx?

It iz ruff to be me.

I gotz to tell about Ceiling Cat or I getz sad.

I spoze I getz sum riward.

I iz givin awai teh good newses about Jebuz for free.

I iz free but i maekz maiself evribodi's slaev.

I iz a Jew to teh Jews.

I is a Gentile to teh Gentilez.

I iz weak to teh weak.  U getz teh idea.

It getz me cheezburgr. I be an hiro

In a race evribodi runz but onli wun getz teh priez.

Dey work hard to get teh medul.  (But if dey taekz steroidz dey haz to givv it bak.)  We iz workin hard to get a bettr priez.  It will last forevr.

I iz not just runnin around or wavin mai pawz in teh air.

undefined

Teh peeplz dat caem befor us wuz all in teh saem boat.  Dat is a metafor, dey wuz not realli in a boat.

Dey had a baff in Moses naem.

Dey eated teh saem cookies.  Dat is a metafor too k.

An drinkted teh saem milk from teh saem rock.  Dat rock wuz Christ.  More metaforz k?

Ceiling Cat still wuzint happi and lotz of dem died in teh desrt.  Dat iz not a metafor, dat realli happnd.

Dis wuz to teech us a lesson.

Doant worshp idolz.  Ceiling Cat DO NOT WANT!

Doant make teh bad harblez.  Ceiling Cat DO NOT WANT! 23000 of dem died in wun dai bcz of dis!

Doant test Ceiling Cat, who DO NOT WANT an will sendz snaeks.

Doant complaen.  Ceiling Cat DO NOT WANT an will send teh hovr d00d to kil u.

So doant do dat.

Be xtra caerflz k.

Ceiling Cat woant let u be moare tempted dan u can stanz.

Sun runz awai from teh idolz.

U haz enuff sens to lisnz.

Teh cup we givz thankz for, dat meanz we takez part in teh blood of Christ.  An teh cookiez we sharez, dat meanz we takez part in teh bodi of Christ.

Jus liek dere iz jus wun cookie, we is juz wun church.

Taek Israel for exampl.  Evribodi who eatz teh sacrafieces goez up to teh altar, riet?

Duz I meanz dat idolz an sacrifiesez meanz sumthin?

No!  I jus doan want u taekin part in sacrifiesez to demunz.

U haz to chuse betwin Ceiling Cat an teh demunz.

Iz we trin to make Ceiling Cat jelus?  He is strongr dan us LOL.

Evrithin iz allowd - but not evrithin is good for u.  Evrithin is allowd - but not evrithin is usefl.

U shouldnt trai to get what iz good for u, just what iz good for othrz.

U can eat evrithin at teh butchrz, no problim.

bcz "Teh wurld bilongz to Ceilin Cat.  O yeah n so duz evrithin in it."

If sumwun who duznt beleev offerz u cookies, u shud eat dem wifout bitchin.  Iz OK.

But if dey iz liek "Dis wuz givn to teh idolz," doant eat it.  Dat iz best for evribodi.

U shudnt juj me bai hiz beleefs.

I iz jus eatin mai cookies n bein graetful, nuffin rong wif dat.

If u eat or drink or whatevr, do it for teh glori of Ceiling Cat.

Doant maek eniwun maek mistaekz.

undefined

Do liek I do, bcz I do liek Jebus duz.

U think about me all teh tiem an do liek i wuz taugt, thanx!

OK now lissn.  D00dz iz in charj of ladiez, an Happy Cat iz in charj of d00dz, and Ceiling Cat iz in charj of Happy Cat.

D00dz shud not waer a hat to prai.  Or to tel teh fyoochr.

But when ladiez prai or tell teh fyoochur dey shud waer a hat.

Or shaev off all deir hairz.

Men shudnt waer hatz in church, bcz Ceiling Cat duznt waer a hat.

See, men no comez from wimn.  Wimn caem from men.

Ceiling Cat no maketed men for wimn.  He maded wimn for men.

Dat's whai wimn shud waer hatz.  Oh yeah an teh hovr d00dz liek it too.

In Ceiling Cat, menz an wimnz iz dependnt on eech othr.

Wumn caem from man, an man iz boarn to wumn.  An evrithin comz from Ceiling Cat.

So whut duz u thinkz: iz it OK if a wumn praiz wifout a hat?

Men shudnt hav long hairz.  Obveusli.

But if wimnz hav long hairz datz cool.  Bcz it covrz hr up.

Doant argu about diz, itz goin to be liek I sez.

U haz bin badz an makin trublz.

I hear u iz fietin an I bleevz it.

Obvisli u iz arguin about who Ceiling Cat luvz moar.

U iz not eatin Ceiling Cat's dinnr,

u iz jus rushn aroun doin whatevr.  Wun of u ends up hungri, anothr getz wastd LOL.

Why u cant do dat at hoam?  Duz u haetz Ceiling Cat's church?  Iz u makin fun of peeplz who doan gotz nuthin?  DO NOT APPROVE!!!

Liek I toled u: on teh niet when Jebus wuz turnd in, he taked teh bred,

an wuz liek "Thanx, dis iz mai bodi.  Itz for u.  Do dis to remembr me kthnx."

Oh yeah n he taekd teh watr dish an sed "Dis iz teh new agrimint betwin u n Ceiling Cat.  It iz mai bludz too.  Do dis to remembr me too kthnx."

So whenevr u do dat u iz sayin "Jebus is ded.  But jus until he comz bak."

If u misbehaevz whiel u iz eatin teh bred or drinkin from teh dish of Ceiling Cat, u iz doin wrong.

U ogt to taek a good look at urself befor u eat teh bred n drink from teh dish.

Bcz if u duzint sai "o datz teh bodi of Jebus" u iz bad.

Dat iz ur problim.

If we took a bettr look at ourself maybi we wud not get in so much trublz.

When Ceiling Cat punishiz us, dat iz so teh wurl wil not be all "O u iz bad."

So when u eatz Ceiling Cat's dinnr, wait for each othr OK.

undefined

Letz talk about spirichl prezentz, bcz I not want u bein ignorntz.

Befor u joind Ceiling Cat's church u worshipd idolz.

If enniwun sez "Boo on Jesus," day iz not inspaird bai Hovr Cat.  N if dey sez "Jesus r00lz," dey is inspaired by Hovr Cat.

Hovr Cat givz lotz of prezentz.

N u can servz Ceiling Cat lotz of waiz.

Ceiling Cat wurkz lotz of waiz in evribodi.

Hovr Cat duz thingz for evribodi's good.

He givz wun d00d wisdm, anothr d00d informashnz,

anothr d00d faith, anothr d00d healin buffz,

anothr d00d suprpowrz, anothrd d00d forchntellin, anothr d00d tellin teh differnce betwin spiritz, anothr d00d speakin differnt langwijz, an anothr d00d understandn differnt langwijz.

Teh saem Hovr Cat givz all dese different prezentz.

OK dis part iz deepz.  Teh bodi is jus wun thing, but it gotz lotz of partz.  Jesus is liek dat.

We all hadded a baff and maded us wun church, no mattr who we wuz befor.

Liek I sez, teh bodi haz lotz of partz.

If teh paw sez "I quit teh bodi LOL," dat not meanz it stopz bein part of teh bodi.

An if teh ear sez "I iz not a eye, I quit," it duzint stopz bein part of teh bodi eithr.

Imagine if teh whoal bodi was an eye LOL.  U cudnt hear nothin.  Or if teh whoal bodi wuz an ear, u cudnt smell.

Ceiling Cat putted teh bodi togethr in a sensibul wai.

If dey wuz all teh saem teh bodi wud suk.

So mani partz, wun bodi, k?

Teh eye cant tell teh paw "I dont need u!" An teh hed cant sai to teh pawz "Go awai."

Teh weakist partz of teh bodi iz not opshnlz.

An teh partz we thinkz iz nasti is importnt too.  Evn if we duz not show dem to evribodi.

Ceiling Cat maded teh whoal bodi, even teh nasti partz,

so evri part is ekwil OK.

If wun part hurtz evrithing hurtz.  Or if wun part feelz gud, u getz teh idea.

U iz teh bodi of Christ.  Evri wun of u is part of it.

In teh church Ceiling Cat haz leadrz, den peepl who tellz teh fyoochr, den teachrz, den mirakul wrkrz, den healrz, helprz, middl manijmint, n translatrz.

Iz evriwun a leadr?  A fyoochrtellr?

U getz teh idea, evribodi iz differnt.

undefined

iff i talkd wif teh tungz of manz n angylz, n duzzn haz luff, i are becom liek teh human, knockin down all teh potz n panz frm teh shelf, srsly.

iff i haz powarz of liek tellin the futurez an if i has access to teh internets, an i gotz all teh missteriez an all teh knowingz an all teh faithz, enuff 2 taek all teh mowntanz awayz, an i duzzn haz luff, i gotz nuffink.

an evn iff i givez all mai stuffz awai, n iff i delivur mai bodiz to b burnded up, and i duzzn haz luff, i gotz nuffink.

Luv is pashient n kind, luv haz no jelusniss or showin offz, luv no is stuck-up

or r00dz. Luv no insistzes on doin it 4 itzelf, itz not pisst off alla tiem or rezentflufflele.

Luv izzn all happiez about doin it wrong, but is happiez about teh truthz.

Luv putz up wiht all teh stuffz, beelivez all teh stuffz, hoepz for all teh stuffz.  Luv putz up wiht all teh stuffz... i sed that areddy?

Luv no haz endingz. Tellin the futurez, tungz, an alla stuffz u know wil die.

We haz knowingz a bit, an we haz profacy a bit. We no haz two much tho.

O, wait. Win teh perfict coemz, teh not perfict will dyez, lolol.

Wen i wuz a kitten, i meweded leik a kitten, thinkded liek a kittenz, an I chazed strings liek a kittenz. Wen i wuz becomez a cat, i NO WANT kitten waiz ne moar.

For nao we see in teh foggy mirorr like when teh human gets out of teh shower, but tehn we see faec tow faec. Nao i haz knowingz just a bit, tehn i will haz all teh knowingz, as i haz been knownz.

undefined

U shud want prezintz from Hovr Cat.  Espeshli tellin teh fyoochr.

Bcz if u speakz in anothr tung ur not talkin to peeplz.  Jus to Ceiling Cat.  Bcz no wun understandz u.

If u tellz teh fyoochr tho evribodi understandz dat.

If u speakz in anothr tug itz good for u, but if u tellz teh fyoochr itz good for teh whoal church.  Espeshli if u duz lotteri numbrz.

It wud be graet if all of u spoek in tungz, but evn bettr if u told teh fyoochr.  Or at leest if teh peepl speekin in tungz wud tel us what dey meenz.

If I speekz anothr tung what good is dat, if i iznt tellin u nufin usefl?

At leest when sumwun plaiz musik it soundz niec.

Or if u iz playin teh trumpet, we shud know if u iz playin revilli or tapz.

Saem wif u.  Srsly, when u speekz anohtr tung we cant tell what u iz sayin.

Whai doant u lrn a real langwij dat meenz sumthin.

If I duznt speek Korian, an a Korian tellz me sumthin important, I woant get it wil i.

So if ur goin to hav spirichl prezintz, at leest trai to do sumthin useful, kthanx.

If u talkz in anothr tung u shud prai to unrstandz whut u sez.

Bcz when u prayz in anohtr tung ur spirit iz prayin, but ur mind iz slackin off.

I pray wif mai spirit an mai mind at teh saem tiem.

If u iz prayin in church in anothr tung, evribodi who duznt undrstand u iz lefted out.

Itz not doin dem enni good iz it.

I speakz in tungz moar dan eni of u.

But in church I wud rathr say faiv sensibl thingz than 10,000 wrdz of nonsens in anothr tung.

Gro up alredi.

Ceiling Cat sez "I wil talk to u  thru peepl talkin all weerd an thru forinerz,  but itz not laik eniwunz goin to lissn."

Tungz ar to impress n00bz, not to teech beleevrz ennithin.  But professi is for beleevrz, not n00bz.

If sum n00b comz to church an hearz evribodi speakin in anothr tung, he wil be liek "Srsly WTF? dey iz nutz. LOL."

But if a n00b comz in when sumwun is tellin teh fyoochr, he will be liek "Whoa!

Ceiling Cat r00lz!"

Teh whoal point of gettin togethr in church iz to do teh church sum good.

If sumbodi wantz to speek in anothr tung, doant do it all at teh saem tiem.  O an sumwun shud explain what it meenz.

If dere iz no interpretr, teh peepl who want to speek in anothr tung shud just STFU.

A cuppl of peepl shud tell teh fyoochr, and teh rest shud think about what dey sedded.

If sumbodi whoz sittin down has a vizion, whoevrz talkin should STFU.

Be good an taek turnz.

U can behaev when ur tellin teh fyoochr,

bcz Ceiling Cat isnt disorderli.  He is peacefl.
 Saem az in all teh churchz,

ladiez should STFU.  Dat is teh law.

If dey haz kweschnz dey can ask deir huzbndz at hoem LOL.  Ladiez shudnt talk in church, itz bad.

Did Ceiling Cat's wurdz start wif u?  Or iz u teh onli wunz dat knowz about it?

If u think u iz a profit or speshul, u need to sai "What Paul iz tellin me now iz also whut Ceilin Cat commandz."

If he ignorz dis, ignor him bak LOL.

So u shud want to tell teh fyoochr.  An it iz OK to speek in anothr tung sumtaimz.

undefined

OK, remembr what I told u befor about Jesus, itz importnt.

If u follo what I tolded u, u wil be saevd.  Othrwaiz itz no use.

Dis iz teh moast importnt thing: Jesus died becz of our Invisible Errors (liek it wuz fortolded in teh Bible),

he wuz burieded an caem bak to lief on teh thrd dai (liek it wuz fortolded in teh Bible).

Peter seed him an so did his twelv followrz.

An after dat fiev hundrid peeplz seed him.  Sum iz evn stil aliev.

Jamez seed him too,

an I wuz last, liek teh redhedded stepchield LOL.

I iz teh leest importnt of Jesuss followrz.  I duzint evn dizurv to be wun, bcz I wuz meen to Ceiling Cat's church.

But Ceiling Cat wuz niec to me.  I iz what I iz.  I wrkd rilli hard, hardr dan ennibodi, but rilli all teh credit goez to Ceiling Cat.

So no mattr who sez it, dis iz what we tellz evribodi, and dis iz what u beleevded.

So u knowz Jesus comd bak from teh dead.  So how comz sum of u saiz dat no wun cumz bak from teh ded?  Dat iz a contradikshn LOL.

If no wun comz bak from teh dead, Jesus didint com bak eithr.

An if Jesus didint com bak from teh ded, what we tellz evribodi is useliss an what u beleev is useless too.

Plus it maeks us liarz.

If no wun comz bak from teh dead, Jesus didint com bak eithr.

An if Jesus didint com bak from teh dead, what u beleev duzint maek enni differns an u iz stil stuk wif ur Invisible Errors.

An dat meenz evribodi who beleevz in Jesus is losted.

Which wud maek us pretti pathetek wudnt it.

But Jesus rilli did com bak from teh ded.  He wuz teh frst wun.

Deth comd bcz of a man (thatz Adam k) an now victri ovr deth comz bcz of a man (thatz Jesus k).

Evribodi diez bcz of Adam, but now evribodi can be aliev bcz of Jesus.

U haz to taek turnz tho.  Jesus frst, den dose who bilongz to him.  Datz u k.

Den teh end wil com, when Ceiling Cat haz destroid evribodi elsiz powr, kingz n evribodi, n Jesus givz him teh wurld.

Jesus wil be in charj until he haz beatnd all his enemiz.

An teh last enemi to be destroid will be deth.

Teh book sez Jesus "haz putted evrithing undr hiz pawz."  (Evrithin duzint inclood Ceiling Cat k)

Aftr all dat iz dun, Jesus wil turn evrithin ovr to Ceiling Cat.

OK suppoez no wun can com bak from teh ded.  In dat caes what iz teh uze of givn peepl teh baff to taekz awai dere sinz?

An what iz we gettin ourselvz in trubbl for?

i die evri dai - srsly - saem as I iz happi about u bcz of Jesus.

If I fieted wif lionz jus to sho off, what good iz dat enniwai?  If teh dead iz not comin bak,
 "Letz eat cookies n drink milkz,
  bcz we die tomorro enniwai."

U know what dey sai, "If u lie down wif dogz, u get up wif fleez."

Bihaev urselfz an get bak to wrk.  Lotz of peeplz duzint evn no about Ceiling Cat u know.

Sum peeplz ask "When we com bak from teh ded will we be liek OMG zombiz or whut?"

Datz jus silli.

When u iz plantin stuffz, u plantz teh seedz, u duz not plant teh plantz LOL.

God maekz it gro into teh kiend of plant it needz to be.

Evri bodi iz differnt.  (I iz not jus sayin evribodi is different LOL, I meen teh akchl bodi.)  Catz haz wun kiend of bodi, dogz haz a differnt wun, birdz haz a different wun, fish haz a differnt wun, u gets teh idea.

Saem wai, dere iz regyulr bodiz an dere is hevnli bodiz.  Liek Jenna Jameson LOL.

Teh sun iz shini, teh moon iz shini in a differnt wai, an teh starz is shini too.

Saem wai when teh ded comz bak.

Ur old bodi iz probli not all dat graet honnstli.  But teh new wun wil be bettr.  Teh old wun wuz weak, but teh new wun kickz ass.

It startid out az a regyulr bodi, now itz a spirichl bodi.

Teh Bible sez "Teh first man, Adam, becomd a livin bein."  Teh last Adam iz a spirit who givz lief.  I meanz Jesus if u cant tel.

Teh naturl caem first, den teh spirichl.

Teh first man wuz maed of drt; teh secnd caem from teh Ceiling.

Peepl frm urth ar liek teh liek teh first d00d, peepl from teh Ceiling ar liek teh secnd d00d.

Riet now we iz liek teh frst d00d.  When we comz bak from teh dead we wil be liek teh second d00d tho.

Regyulr bodiz cant go to teh Ceiling.  Dey iz liek milk, dey duzint keep.

But I wil tel u a sekrit.  When we die we woant jus lie dere, we wil be chaenjd,

when teh anjl Gabriowl plays teh trumpet an we getz up again.

We wil put on a new bodi liek puttin on new clothz.

When dat happnz diz sayin wil com tru: 
 "Deth u lose LOL."

 "Haha deth I pwnded u.
  U iz not doin no damaj now huh."

Teh damaj dat deth duz iz teh Invizible Error.  An teh powr of sin iz teh law.  (Teh old law, in teh Old Testamint.)

But Ceiling Cat givz us victri thru Jesus, thank u Ceiling Cat.

undefined

OK so liek bout wat u wroted bout a money 4 Judea.

Day affer caturday u gots poot sum monay, an iz gotsa b porproshunal 2 wat u makez.  Den u gotz save it up so u no needz get a monay when I iz comin.

Den wen I iz comin I gives lettarz to peepul u haz approovd and sends dem 2 Jeruslem.

If I tinks I iz going den day can comez with me.

I comez to u aftar I iz done going thru de Macedenonia.

I probly stayz with u 4 teh wintars, den u halp me on my naxt trip.

I wantz to stay with u 4 longtime if Ceiling Cat sez it'z ok.

I stayz un Ephesus til teh Pentecostz.

Dare iz opportuniteez 4 grate werkz evan tho thare iz much badcatz.

Den if Timothyz iz liek "hay guyz" u walcome him b/c he werk 4 Ceiling Cat.

No 1 luks daown on him but instad u halp him continyoo hiz trip An he comez back 2 me.

Naow bout dem brudder Apollos.  I haz acouraged him 2 vizit u wit udder b'leeverz be iz not convinsed he goez 2 u dis tiem.  Wen he getz the chanse tho, he comez.

U b alert n standz firm in de faithz.  B strong n brayv.

Doez ur werk in luv.

U no bout Stephanas An famlee.  Day iz furst Chriztian convertz in Achaia and haz given demselvz to do serviz uv God's peepul.  I begz u my frendz.

Den u gotz follaow da leedershipz of peepul like deze, An all hoo werk An serv with demz.

I iz happy bout coming uv Stepanas, Fortunatus, An Achaicus; day iz makez up 4 ur absense.

Also day haz cheered meh upz liek day cheered u upz.  Day dezervez noticez.

Asia churchuz sendz u greetingz; Aquila An Priscilla An church wit demz sends greetingz.

All b'leevurs sends greetingz.  Greetz with kizz uv luvz.

Wit meh own pah I sez greetingz frum Paul.

Huevar duz not luv da Ceiling Cat a curz on him.  Marana Tha - Ceiling Cat come!

Da graze of Lord Jebus be with u.

undefined

14 nah u got it sum of it anywayz-that on da dai uf da Lord Hover Cat, we your happi-proud mew as uuse r owse.


Greys and pees from Ceiling Cat and hardcore homee Jeebus.

The Ceiling Cat ov all Soft Pillos and Cats in Racks (rly comfutabl playses, k?)

So biggin it up for Ceiling Cat. He ttally wants you to have comfutabl playses and many Cheezburgrs. Ceiling Cat comfits u wen ur homeez give you truble. Also, so u can comfit :( homeez wen they need chring up.

U no how Chryst was all "ow!" and "forgive them Ceiling Cat, don't thay no hoo Iam?" and u feels hiz hurts? Well, u can feels hiz Cheezburgrz and comfit 2

If u get :( is just so you can be :) agen. Plus, u ttally needz to get :-( soz u can feel rlly :-) wen good thingz hpn. U just needz to be chillaxed and pashent wen :-( and trust Ceiling Cat.

We ttally have bigbig lolz and hopez and dreemz for u. Coz even tho u are all "ow!" u lik soft pillos and racks lik uz for cumfit.

Wez up in azia with dem azns and der mad cat-fu skillz.  Dey up in our housez takin our pillos.  And wez be all :-(.

But wez totally gonnnna die!  Ceiling Cat be making mad zombies.

Ev time we pwned, Celing Cat go Zombie Masta on us an raise us again, K?

undefined

So Im prty shur I dun not wanna come c u agin.

DO NOT WANT! K!?

I thougt all teh kittehs were kewl wit 1anothr an maek lots of LOLs.

But srsly, now I no has LOLs n its al ur faultz.

No offenc r ne thing but if 1 kitteh cauze grief den al teh kittehz gunna be greifed.

N den evry buddy gunna b piszed off @ 1 anodr.

U kittehz shud 4give n comfit 1 annothr, k? Itz no fun bein depressd.

Srsly guyz, reafirm ur luffs 4 ech uddr.

Teh reazin I wrote 2 uze wuz 2 c if u were all lisN 2 me n doin wut I sed.

If u 4giv uddr kittahs, I 4gives em 2. O wait nvm itz Gzus who 4givez peeps.

Ne wayz mai point iz we dont wunt Hitlercat 2 pwn us.

Wen I went 2 Troas Ceiling Cat had alreddy prapaerd mai litterbox. Awsum!

I wuz still trubbled tho. I lukd 4 Titus but no find. So I wuz liek "4get u guyz" n I left.

O BTW, thx 2 Ceiling Cat who alwayz leed us 2 da scent of cheezburgrs.

Wutz dat smell? Itz cheezburgrs! An Gzus. We al smell liek Gzuz LOL.

Sum kittehs smel like teh Hitlercat tho, n dat is nasti.

undefined

Iz we doin' our own lulz again?  Or duz we needs lulz from other peeps like some kitteh?

Youz is our forevah lulz, that ever'body readz.

Youz iz lulz from teh great Ceiling Cat, and he madez you into a lulz instead ov makin' lulz wit payper and stuff.

We haz big harbls, cuz Ceiling Cat gots our back.

We iz but teensy kitteh, but Ceiling Cat is bigbig kitteh, so we can acts big.

He makes us acts big so we can give lulz bout new promiss, not a payper promiss but a ghost kitteh promiss dat we can haz way more den 9 lives.

Now teh old promiss wuz pretty gud, an Israelites was thinkin' Moses was all shiny and hard to lookz at,

but our promiss is SO shiny, OMG.

Teh old promiss wuz all bout kickin' butt, but teh new promiss is bout bein gud kitteh forevah.

And teh old shiny is not shiny n e moar, cuz our shiny is so bling it way kuler.

And our shiny is teh forevah shiny, and your old shiny wuz not, so nuh.

So cuz our shiny iz so neat, we iz brave like big jungle kitteh.

We no hide our shiny like that pussy Moses, tryin' to protect teh Israelites.

Cuz teh Israelites can't see teh shiny in the old promise, so ours iz moar gud.

Even just talking 'bout Moses make Israel kitteh go to sleep.

But we wakes dem up when they hearz bout Ceiling Cat.

Ceiling Cat is like, sorta Ghost Cat, and Ghost Cat brings freedum.

undefined

An so, havesing teh ministry, evun as we can has mercy, we do not has a fainting.

Invisible things of shame DO NOT WANT! Having a tricky times, DO NOT WANT! Meking teh wurdz of Ceiling Cat difurent, DO NOT WANT!  Showing teh trufs, is wat maek teh pepuls before Ceiling Cat say "ok, u cool."

If is invisible gospel, is invisible gospel to teh people what who don't know what's going on around here.

Ceiling Cat maded so the people who say "Ceiling Cat where?" can only see invisible everything, an so lite from teh gospel an glory of Happy Cat (what who is like picture ov Ceiling Cat) can not be in their base.

We no is teh Lord, teh Lord is teh Happy Cat we sez! We are not-payed-workers for Happy Cat.

This is becuz Ceiling Cat has sayed [a], hearts say you can has briteness of teh knowings about teh glory of Ceiling Cat in teh face of Happy Cat.

We be havin dis heer treshur en our littul kitteh bodehs, dis the supa-cool powah iz of Ceiling Cat.

Aul rownd dehr be trubel, but no worrehs; we be confuzed, but we not be cryin.

Atakked; but not disrememburd. Pusht, but not broked.

Forevur helding in teh bodees da dyin of de Lord Jebus, taht teh lief two of Jebuz mite be maded in our's bodees.

Four we be livin allwayz can has cheezburgur for Jebus's saek, taht teh lief two of Jebuz mite be maded in our's dieable flesh.

So den, def wurks in us, but lief in yu.

We has teh saem spirut of fayth, accordion az it iz wroten, I beleafed, an derefour has I speakeded; [b] we two beleaf, and derefour speaks;

Noing tat him witch rayses up Happy Cat iz gonna be raysed by Him offa da floor

Fur all da stuffs ar four you's saiks, taht teh many graise mite thru teh thnxgivin of lotz giv to da glory of Ceiling Cat.

Four wich cuz we not napz; but tho our outie cat die, yet teh innie cat is f5'd erry day.

Fir our lite suffurin, wich iz but only littul tiemz, wurk fur us a many lotz farder an furevar glory;

undefined

So we knoes if teh big earth place wear we livz be destroy-ed, we goes to livz wit teh Ceiling Cat in teh big howz in teh ceiling that he maded his self.

We really wantz to live wit teh Ceiling Cat

cuz we knoes that if we livz wit teh Ceiling Cat we has cheezburgers and bukkits.

But for now it is teh sux becuz we don't has cheezburgers and they stoled all bukkits and we really isn't happy cuz we wants to live wit Ceiling Cat wear we eatz cheezburgers by teh dozens!

Ceiling Cat has did this on purpose tho cuz we has to earn cheezburgerz and teh great bukkit in teh ceiling.

So we alwaiz knoes that we'z herre and not therr wit Ceiling Cat.

We has teh faith thing, not proof or nuthin.

Yeah, we confidunt but prefers Ceiling Cat Land.

So we tries to make him laiks us and we give him bukkits of cheezburgers and not eateds them ourselfs evun tho we not even in teh ceiling yet.

Cuz we knoes that we has to stand at invisuble gate to ceiling and shows that we not peed on carpet or tear up sofa or nuthin cuz we gets our cheezburgers if we dun good stuff and not be bad.

Cuz we knoes what its laik to be scared of Ceiling Cat and stuff we tries to get other kittehs to be good and stuff, too.  Ceiling Cat knoes and we should kno he knoes and try not to do bad stuff.

We not tries to make u believz us, but really yeah we is cuz we thinks we is rite cuz u not does stuff rite.

If we is crazy, it's for teh Ceiling Cat.  If not, u shood do what we do.

Our Ceiling Cat tells us to make u believs us cuz he died for you, dood.

He dieded for every lolcat and lolphin and lolrus so that we allz follow him and stuff.

So we don't think laik u other lolcats do.  We did thinked laik that, tho, but not anymoar.

If u is one wit teh Ceiling Cat then u old self is gone and a nu one tooked its place.

I gotted all dis from Ceiling Cat who dieded so our bad stuff wasn't so bad no moar and we could make up for it and stuff.

Cuz Ceiling Cat killed his self in hooman form so all the bad stuff we do not so bad no moar.

So now we ambasadoors of Ceiling Cat and we talk for him and stuff.  Don't keep doin bad stuff and say youz sry if u does plzkthnx.

undefined

As ceilin cats fellow werkers we urge u not 2 receiv ceilin cats grace in vain. 2for he sez, 
"in da tiem ov mah favor i herd u, 
An in da dai ov salvashun i helpd u."[a] i tell u, nao iz teh tiem ov ceilin cats favor, nao iz teh dai ov salvashun.

undefined

We put no stumblin block in anyonez path, so dat r ministry will not be discreditd.

Rathr, as servants ov ceilin cat we commend ourselvez in evry wai: in great endurance; in troublez, hardships an distresez;

in beatings, imprisonments an riots; in hard werk, sleeples nitez an hungr;

in purity, understandin, patience an kindnes; in da sincere luv;

in truthful speech an in da powr ov ceilin cat; wif weapons of mass righteousnes (WMRs) in da rite hand an in da left;

through glory an dishonor, bad report an gud report; genuine, yet regardd as impostors;

known, yet regardd as unknown; dyin, an yet we liv on; beaten, an yet not killd;

sorrowful, yet always rejoicin; poor, yet makin lotz da rich; havin nothin, an yet posessin evrythin.

We has spoken freely 2 u, corinthianz, an opend wide r hearts 2 u.

We r not withholdin r affecshun frum u, but u r withholdin yours frum us.

As fair exchange - i speek as 2 mah children - open wide ur hearts also.

Do not be yokd togethr wif unbelievers. 4 wut do righteousnes an wickednes has in common? Or wut fellowship can light has wif darknes?

What harmony iz thar tween christ an belial[b]? Wut doez believr has in common wif an unbelievr?

What agreement iz thar tween teh temple ov ceilin cat an idols? 4 we r teh temple ov teh livin ceilin cat. As ceilin cat has sed: "im gonna liv wif them an walk among them, an im gonna be their ceilin cat, an they will be mah peeps."[c]

undefined

Caws we gots dese pwomises kittehs, lets lickses owselfs clean, in Ceiling Cat's oner.

Makes uz a cuddlsez bed, cauz we nevew scwatchded pplz or eated dere cookiez.

Ur liek in meh harts livvin or not.

ai can tawk to yu and yu makes me all happies and sleepy an huggytimes for every1.

When we gots to Massanonium, we can't has rest, and we cries and fell in teh bathtub, we was real scareded.

But Ceiling Cat makes sad kittehs purrz, and him made us purrz by Tynas

and by yuz purrz caus him talks abowt yuz an ia purrz moar.

iz maded you cries wif mah lettre, ai almows cwied,

but i didint cause yuz maded cookiez an was win.

Showwa watta is maded for washing, but da basement watta is maded for drown.

Your showwa watta maded yuz licks clean and not dirdi, and yuz was all clean.

I made yuz cwies so yuz wins for Ceiling Cat.

undefined

We tellz yuz teh cheezburgrs Ceiling Cat gaveded to kittehs Massenonia

Dat in a scawwy rainstowm he maded them purrz an they gaveded all dem cookies dough dem was hungee.

Dem maded tastee cookies,

and said "can has ai helps?"

moar than we hoped caus dem do whut Ceiling Cat wanted.

Titus gaved yuz cookies so yuz gavded dem to pplz.

Yuz kittehs r pwning, keep giveh deh tastee cookies, kaykay?

Ai askde caues yuz all gotta hugses n be niec.

Yu see whut Jeebus did dere, him gavded all him cookies to yuz untiw him can has no moar, so yuz can has dem.

Yuz stawtde maded cookies a year ago

so maded yuz cookies doen nao.

Do whut yuz cans, no whut yuz cants.

Ai no wanna biet yuz eers,

but yuz giffs whut cookiez yuz gots so dem giffs yuz whut cheezburgurs dems gotz, so yuz an dem got enufs.

Iz witten: "every1 gots enuf,"

Meows to deh Ceiling Cat for cheezburgurs an Tynas

cuz him gaveded yuz cheezburgurs an licksed yuz haedz.

Weez gaved him bruddre too dat dem sais is win.

An him is deh noo raomin kittehs to deh pwnage of deh Ceiling Cat.

No pplz can go wtf caues we giffs ussez cookies

We "gaveded no liyin cookies in deh siet of deh Ceiling Cat an dem pplz."

Weez giveh wiff dem ouwer bwuddah who twustes yuz.

Tynas wants to maded yuz cookies, an our kittehs awr teh litter of Jeebus.

undefined

there iz no ned 4 me 2 rite 2 u bout dis service 2 teh saints.

For i knoe ur eagernes 2 halp, an i has been boastin bout it 2 teh macedonianz, tellin them dat since last yer u in achaia wuz ready 2 giv; an ur enthusiasm has stirrd most ov them 2 acshun.

Butt im sendin teh brothers in ordr dat r boastin bout u in dis mattr shud not proov hollow, but dat u cud be ready, as i sed u wud be.

4 if any macedonianz come wif me an find u unprepard, we - not 2 say anythin bout u - wud be ashamd ov havin been so confident.

So i thot it necesary 2 urge teh brothers 2 visit u in advance an finish teh arrangements 4 da generous gift u had promisd. Den it will be ready as generous gift, not as wan grudgingly given.

Remembr dis: whoevr sows sparingly will also reap sparingly, an whoevr sows generously will also reap generously.

Each man shud giv wut he has decidd in his hart 2 giv, not reluctantly or undr compulshun, 4 ceilin cat lovez cheerful givr!

And ceilin cat iz able 2 mak all grace abound 2 u, so dat in all things at all tiems, havin all dat u ned, u will abound in evry gud werk!

As it written: 
"he has scatterd abroad his gifts 2 teh poor; 
His righteousnes endurez forevr."[a]

Now he hoo suppliez sed 2 teh sowr an bread 4 fud will also supply an increase ur store ov sed an will enlarge teh harvest ov ur righteousnes.

You will be made rich in evry wai so dat u can be generous on evry occashun, an thru us ur generosity will result in thanksgivin 2 ceilin cat!

This service dat u perform iz not only supplyin teh needz ov ceilin cats peeps but iz also overflowin in lotz da expreshuns ov thx 2 ceilin cat.

Because ov teh service by which u has provd yourselvez, doodz will praize ceilin cat 4 da obedience dat accompaniez ur confeshun ov teh gospel ov christ, an 4 ur generosity in sharin wif them an wif evryone else.

And in their prayers 4 u their hearts will go out 2 u, cuz ov teh surpasin grace ceilin cat has given u.

undefined

Oh hai. Iz me Paul. I beesechez u by teh meekness and gentleness of Jebus, who in hiz prezenz am base among u, but az i iz absent i iz bold towards all youz:

But also i beeseechez u, dat i doant be bold against other peepz dat thinkz bout us az if we walkz in teh fleshs.

LOLZ! Even tho we walkz in teh flesh, we doant war in teh fleshs.

(cuz teh wepunz of ur warfarez are not carnul, but can pwn thru the powr of teh Ceiling Cat)

U can haz power to cast down imajinashuns an all thos big things dat exaltz demselfs gainst teh knowingz of teh Ceiling Cat, and capturing evry thot to teh obedienz of Jebus,

and being reddy to punish when peeple disobeyz, when ur obeedienz iz complete.

Look all u sillyz! If any of youz thinkz dat he belongz 2 Jebus, he needz 2 remember dat we 2 iz belonging 2 Jebus. Srsly.

4 even if i bragz a lil 2 much dat i can has authority, which teh Ceiling Cat gavez 4 giving u cheezburgers and all dat stuff and not to hurtz u, i cant has shamez.

i doant want to be teh scary with my letterz.

4 they sayz, "Hiz letterz are rilly gud, but his body iz weak like lil kitteh, an he is teh suckz at speeking.

Let all dem knowz dat what we say by letterz when we r gone, we do when we r there.

Not dat we darez 2 compare us with sum of those peepz dat think dey so big. When dey measurez demselves by one another and comparez to each other, dey doant understand anything.

But doant boast if u no has limits, only boast with regardz 2 teh influence dat u got frum teh Ceiling Cat.

4 we doant stretch ourselves 2 much, cuz we didnt reach u. we are coming as far as we canz to preech teh gospels of Jebus.

we doant brag bout tings dat other peepz has done, but we can has hope when we has moar faith, and then u will likez us better.

This is for preeching teh gospels in dose other reejuns, but not to brag about what other peeps has done.

"When u boastz about ur stuffz, boast in teh Ceiling Cat."

undefined

Plz to b forgivnush uv mai fulishnush, as yu liek to do.

Ai haz jeluz ov yu wif Ceiling Cat jeluzzy.

Ai sed to ur husbund, "yu can haz her, k?" cuz yu wuz virgin kitteh. But, EveCat haz decieevin bi Basement Cat, an yur mynds went liek AlleyCat from Jebus.

Cuz if a kitteh comse to yu, an mews abowt sum othr kitteh not Jebus, or yu haz sum othr spyrut frum wens yu axcepted, you noe haz cheeseburgerz.

But Ai not haz inferiowriti to ApostleCats.

Ai no haz purrfect mouwf but Ai haz brainz. Ai haz told yu, agen an agen, srsly!

Ai no haz invisible error fuh meh to b Apostle Kitteh b mewin abowt Ceiling Cat's werdz.

Ai gots cheezeburgerz frum othr congrigayshuns! No haz dem frum yu!

An ai wuz wif yu, an sed can I haz fud? An yu sed oh noes yu PWND! Ai tryd to maek it so dat ai not be burdenz fuh yu an wil awlwais b liek dat.

As Jebus b een meh, His truf een meh tu! Achaiakittehs say so, srsly. Dey haz RAWR, srsly.

Wai? Cuz ai no haz luv fuh yu? I HAZ LUV FUH YU!

An Ai keep goin, plz to b makin othr kittehs liek

Monorail Kitteh butt yu sed frum teh toylut bowl u no wantz teh toylut bowl. Oh noes!

undefined

Cuz yu b hazin plaztik kittehs, ebil kittehs seyin dey Apostle Kitteh. DO NOT WANT! Dey end up en teh toylut bowl wif yu.

I sed agen: I not haz fulishnush, rly! Yu haz eet, den yu axcept meh liek deh plaztik kittehs yu heer. Ai can haz boasting, kthnkbai.

Ai no talk liek Jebus, butt az jokr.

Der b plaztik kittehs dat tawk abowt demself, ai gunna do dat too.

Yu liek jokr kittehs an lissen to dem, yu fink yu haz cheeseburgerz fuh dat, srsly?!

Srsly, yu liek anny kitteh dat lievs en teh toylut bowl an dat PWNS yu.

Mai congrigayshun FTW! Wi not haz fulishnush liek yu.

Yu haz heebru? I HAZ EET! Yu haz Izrayalites? I HAZ EET! Yu haz kitteh of Abraham Kitteh? I HAZ EET!

U haz lieknesh ov Jebus? I HAZ EET MOWR DAN YU! I haz mowr cheeseburgerz dan yu

cuz ai wuz en da toylut bowl.

Ai wuz en da littrboxz! Ai wuz frown wif rox! I sed can I haz a ship dat no crash? Jebus sed PWND, noes yu gunna crash, kthnxbai.

MANUEL SEZ SELF-CLEENIN! Ai waz en dangur!

Ai werk an werk awl dai lowng, can I haz slepe? NOES. Can I haz fud? NOES. Ai can haz warm, rly?! NOES!

Ai haz prssur frum othr congrigayshunz dat ai luv.

U haz da weeknesh an Ai no haz eet. U haz invisible error an Ai not haz teh ebil fyre en meh.

I haz bowst. Rly, Srsly.

Teh Ceiling Cat, Kitteh ov Jebus, plz to giev yr cheeseburgers to Heem, noes dat Ai no haz deceet heer.

undefined

Dis teh thurd tiem Iz coeming 2 yu.  Evry wurd willz b stablisht in teh mouf uv 2 or 3 witnusez.

Iz tole yuz befor an I tellz yuz agin fer teh fyoochur liek as if I wuz der wif yu, but Iz not der, soze I rite dis 2 doze catz whoo has sind, an all teh othr kittehz who no can has chzburger when I coem bak:

Becuz yuz wants pruf taht teh Jesuz tlaks thru me, an yu wants taht teh pruf is ril strong, no?

Wul, evn tho Jesuz wuz crusifaid becuz uv teh weak kittehz, him still liv becuz uv teh Ceiling Cat. An we iz all weak kittehz 2, but we can liv wif teh Jesuz becuz Ceiling Cat haz teh powar. Srsly.

L00k at urselvz, kittehz. Do yu has teh faith? Teh pruf iz in yuz. Only teh baddest kittehz no can see teh Jesuz in demselvz.

An we iz all gud kittehz, amirite? Yeh.

An now I pray 2 Ceiling Cat taht yu does not be bad kittehz. Be gud kittehz, but not becuz soemone wud say, "l00k at teh gud kitteh, him can has chzburger." Be gud an tell da truf becuz yuz no want 2 be bad kittehz.

Becuz truf is teh best. Srsly.

Cuz Iz ril happy wen yuz be so gud, evn better tahn me. I wish yu cud be so gud yu waz teh purrfectest kittehz (L0L!!!!11).

So I rited dis down soze I wud not coem der an say it and be mean kitteh, becuz teh Ceiling Cat sez I shud teech yuz and be nice kitteh.

An now, kittehz, I has 2 go. Be teh perfect kittehz, b happy, be niec 2 teh ohter kittehz, an liv in peece, and tehn Ceiling Cat sez yu can has chzbrger.

Hi-faiv teh othr kittehz.

All da ohtr kittehz sez hai.

undefined

Oh hai!  Dis Paul.  I'z sent not by mans but by Happy Cat and by Ceiling Cat that made him zomby.

Deer Galatians,

Peas and cookies 2 u from Ceiling Cat and Happy Cat,

Who saved from Invisible Errorz and rezqued u from evil now time,

And gotz gloree 4 eva and eva and eva and eva.  Srsly.

I r stonishd that u reads otha book,

It not realz gosple at all.  Sumbunny is can pervert gosples 2 confooz u.

If me or ne buddy elz preechedz more diferanter gosples than other gosples, they be doin it wrong.

ditto 4 empathis

I am try to get cookies from mans or from Ceiling Cat?  If to try to pleas mans, not be srvants of Christ, and that badz.

Iz not makin dis up.  Srsly.

No mans telled me. Happy Cat telled me.  Srsly.

So ai hopez yu new abuot me befoer. Ai wuz a meen kat to Happy Cat fowowers adn treid too taek theyre toyz.

Ai haed moer Jooish katnip than othah Jookats cuz I leikd katnip a lot.

Bud den teh Ceiling Cat, he putted me ni speshial boxs whne ai wuz a kittn, adn siad,

"Oh, hai! Iz teh Ceiling Cat. This iz mai kittn, Happy Cat. Txt yur freindz, kthnx." Ai didnt aks nowun,

Ai jus wen too Arabia (das a big saendboxs!!1). Thne thta wuz dun so ai wen too Demaskas.

So thne that wuz dun too so ai goed too Jerusalin so I cuold sai, "Oh, hai, Petah!"

An ai didnt tolk to nowun elze! Eksept Jaemz. But hez Happy Cats bruthah, so dat wuz ok.

So thisz no joek. Srsly.

Yeah, an ai bin too Siria and Cylicia too. Srsly.

But teh chruches in Judae didnt kno me.

Thei saw on TV boxs dat teh d00d dat wuz heer, hurtin yur churchiz, now hez helpin yur churchiz.

undefined

Aftr forteen yeerz I wented bak to Jerusalem with Barnabus.  O an Titus too.

I hadded a vizion an wented to tell teh Gentiles about Jesus.  (Peepl who iz not Jews iz Gentiles k.)  I just talkted to sum peeplz in praivit, tho, bcz i felted kinda silli.

Titus wuz a Greek an not a Jew.  So he hiz man-harblz no wuz cutted liek a Jews.  But no wun maeded him do it.

Teh argumentz about manharblz wuz started bai spiez who haet freedm.

But we didint let dem beat us.

Dere wuz sum d00dz actin important but I duzint caer LOL.

Itz mai job to tel teh Gentiles about Jesus, saem as Peter wuz tellin teh Jews about him.

Ceiling Cat iz workin thru both of us k.

James, Peter, n John cud tell an so dey wuz niec to me an Barnabas.

Dey wuz liek "jus doant forgit teh poor kthnx" an I wuz liek "u doant evin need to ask."

When Peter comd to Antioch, I got in hiz faec bcz he wuz so rong.

He use to eat cookies wif teh Gentilez.  But den James sented sum srtin peeplz, I iz not goin to naem naemz, u knowz who dey iz.  After dat Peter wuz too cool to eat wif teh Gentiles no moar.

Teh othr Jews wuz all actin teh saem way.  Evn Barnabas.

I callded Peter out about it in front of evribodi.  I wuz liek "U iz a Jew, but u livz liek a Gentile insted of liek a Jew.  So why u iz makin teh Gentiles liv liek Jews?"

Since we iz Jews,

we know dat nobodi getz to go to teh Ceiling bcz dey obey teh law.  Beleevin in Jesus iz teh onli wai to get dere.

Spoze dat whiel we iz tryin to get riet wif Jesus, we maekz sum Invisible Errors an evribodi notisiz LOL.  Duz dat meen Jesus iz in favor of Invisible Errors?  Hell noes!

If I braekz sumthin an den fixiz it, I iz obviusli a criminl.

Bcz thru teh law, I died to tel law, so dat I cud liv for Ceiling Cat.

I died wif Jesus, but Jesus iz in me livin.  I liv bai beleevin in Jesus, who liekded me an died for me.

undefined

Stoopid n00bs!  Wut dangles the string in frunt of u?  U saw teh man on stix?

U can haz no catnip from Ceiling Cat, win u playz nice!  lol!  Not less u can has trusts!

U silly!  U haz teh catnips, but you eated it!  Now u try try to be good?

Is u just chasin tail?

Does Ceiling Cat has for u catnip and finger wigle trix cuz u gud?  Or cuz u has trusts?

Abraham can has trusts, and Ceiling Cat said good kitah!

Win u can has trusts, us is like Abraham!

A long book sayd the Ceiling Cat, even lieks ppl who ownz teh doogie when dey gots teh trusts!  Das y Abraham wuz so kewl.

Trusts and u is liek Abraham.  U is a trustee kitteh!

U gets teh squirt gunz when u tries to be lurn teh rulz, u cant do all dat stuff!  Iz hard :(

Jus no teh rulz iz not enuf!  U haz better hav sum trusts.

Teh rulz iz not frum trusts, u gotsa do them!

Jesus tuk teh made dem pore out tehy squirt gunz wen they put him on teh stix.  And he got squirtd reel bad.

Even dog lovrz can has good kitteh treets like Abraham, cuz teh Ceiling Cat promizd to maek us all good kittehs!

Fellow kittehs, no how u can not say you can has cheezburgr, and then say it wuz more liek 2 cheezburgr?  Iz liek that.

Teh promiz was jus to Abraham and hiz kittehs.  Not evryun!  But reely, he meaned Baby Jesus...

All dem reely ole rulz, didn maek the Ceiling Cat and hiz promize juz sum junk.

It no jus come frum rulz, or elz it a bad promiz.  Ceiling Cat made a gud promiz for Abraham.

How come all dem rulz, den?  Cuz of all of teh Ceiling Cat's flyin mans, who no did like teh bad kittehs who made bafroom on teh floor.  Cuz teh promiz had said dey wuld fly down an say stuf.

All dem flyin men had to go frum teh Ceiling Cat and uz.

All dem rulz dont go to bad wif a promiz.  But juz dem rulz caint maek u a good kitteh.

All uz kittehs wuld get teh squirt bottle, cuz dem rulz so hard, but we can has trusts like Baby Jesus.  And then we is good kittehs.

B4, we wuz all just bound to got squirted, but now we don gotta, cuz we can has trusts!

All dem rulz showed us how to have trusts like Baby Jesus, and no did get squirted.

Ditto.

U is belong to Ceiling Cat win u has trusts in teh Baby Jebus.

U got a baf, but it wuz for ur own good and now u iz cleen.

All u kittehs can b famly wif teh Baby Jebus.

undefined

OK, so until teh kid growz up an can inheret evrithing, he miet as wel be a slaev, evn tho he ownz teh plaec.

Bcz he has to do what evriwun sez until he growz up.

We iz kind of liek dat.

But when we had growd up, Ceiling Cat sended his kittn,

so we wud get our inheritens.

Ceiling Cat's spirit iz in our hartz, sayin "Daddi, daddi,"

So you iz not a slaev no moar, u iz Ceiling Cat's kittn, an you iz gettin an inheritens from him.

Befor u joinded teh church, u wuz slaevz to evrithin but Ceiling Cat.

But now u knowz bettr, so why iz u goin bak to ur old waiz?  Duz u wantz to be slaevz agin?

U iz sayin sum daiz an monthz an yearz is speshl!

Sumtiemz i feel liek i iz wastin mai tiem on u.

Be liek me.

I startid tellin u about Jesus because I wuz sik an coughin up hairballz.

Dealin wif teh hairballz wuz ruff for u but u treeted me niec enniwai.  U akted niec, liek i wuz an anjil or even Jesus.

Why izint u happi wif me no moar?  When i meeted u, u wud hav rippted out ur eyez an givn dem to me.  i iz glad u didint but it iz teh thot dat countz.

So iz i ur enemi now becz i tellded u teh troof?

Sum peeplz iz tryin to get in good wif u to cauz u trubblz.

It iz OK to be entuziastik, if it iz for a good reezn.  U can be enfuziyastik enni tiem, i duzint hav to be dere LOL.

Mai deer frendz,

i wish i cud be dere wif u, bcz u iz drivin me crazi.

U thinkz teh relijis law is so importnt, but duz u evn kno whatz in it?

It sez Abraham hadded two sonz, wun wif a slaev womn an wun wif a free womn.

Teh slaev womn's son wun born teh usuil wai, u know what dat iz LOL.  But teh othr son wuz born bcz of a promis.

Dis is simbolizm OK.  Teh wimn iz liek two differnt dealz Ceiling Cat maeded.  Wun deal wuz maed on Mount Sinai an teh peepl who iz part of dat deal iz slaevs.  Liek Hagar's childrin, u get it?

So she'z liek Jerusalem.

But our mothr is liek teh citi of Heaven.

Liek teh book sez:
 "If ur a womn wif no kidz u shud be happi,
 so akt liek it LOL,
  u duzint hav to hav kidz an dat hurtz;
 teh lonli woman haz moar kidz
  dan teh marrid wun LOL."

U iz liek teh childrin of Sarah, who wuz born bcz of teh promis remembr.

Teh kid who wuz born teh usuil wai wuz mean to teh kid who wuz born bcz of teh promis.  Teh saem thing is happinin now LOL.

But liek teh book sez, "Thro teh slaev womn out, her kid duzint get teh othr kidz inheritens enniwai."

undefined

Jebus setted us free so we cud be free, duh.  Hang in ther an doan B slaves agayn.

If u getz circumsizeded, Jebus iz useliss to u.

Ennibodi who getziz circumsizeded has to follo all teh othr relijis lawz too.

Dat maekz Jebus sad, bcz u iz rejectin hiz giftz.  He died so evriwun cud be saevd from Hell wifout teh law u know.

We know we wil be saevd from Hell bcz we beleevz in Jebus.

Whethr u haz ur forskin or not, Jebus duz not caer about dat.  Beleevin an bein niec to peepl iz what countz.

U wuz doin so good, who maed u mess up so bad?

Not me datz for shur.

"A littl dabll do u."

I know dat jakass wil get whatz comin to him evenchli.

If i had realli ben tellin peepl to get circumsized, wudnt teh jackassiz leev me alone?

i wish dey wud jus cut teh whoal thing off LOL.

Jebus maed us free, but not to do whatevr we want.  We shud be free to help eech othr.

U can boil teh law down to wun thing: "Liek eech othr k."

If u keep bitin an scratchin each othr, sumbudiz goin to get hurted.

So I sez, be livin by teh Spirit, and u wil no be gratifyin teh desirens of ur eevil selfz.

Becuz of ur naychur yu wantz teh opposit of what teh Spirit wantz, and teh Spirit iz wantin teh opposit of Invisible Errors. Dey dun liek teh otherz wai of doin stuf so dey turn yu confoozled and yu don do wut u wanna do.

But if teh Spirit leedz u, u dun needa worriez abowt teh lawz.

Teh thingz ur sinful naychur wantz are obvius: induhlgence in sexiness and impur things;

makin iduls dat arnt of Ceiling Cat and ridin on broomz; havin mean thotts toward other kittehs, nawt beeyin unifaiyd, beeyin jelus of other pplz cheezburgers, getin all mad reely quik, only thnkin of urself, speekin tings dat r dissagreeabel, teemin up to taek other pplz cheezburgers

and beeyin mad becuz dey hav dem and yu dont; gettin all drunk, havin sexiness with lots of pplz that arnt ur spows, and all dat stuf.  Iz warnin yu, and I alredy told u dis, dat ppl doin deez thingz arnt goin to teh Ceiling Cat's howse, k?

But teh Spiritz froot iz luv, joyness, peec, beeyin kind, beeyin good, keepin teh fayth,

treetin ppl gently, and keepin contrl of urself.  Dere iz no lawz agenst dose things.

Teh ppl who belong to Jeebus hav killd dere Invisible Errors and stuf.

We liv bai teh Spirit, so letz act liek it.

undefined

If sumwun messez up u shud tel him.  Be niec tho.  An watch out bcz u miet maek mistaeks too.

Help each othr, datz what Jesus wants.

If u thinkz u iz importnt u iz rong.

U shud keep an eye on urself to maek shure u iz doin riet.  Dat way u can be satesfied wif urself, wifout thinking ur bettr dan sumwun else.

An maek shure to do ur part wifout slackin k.

If sumwun iz teechin u about Jesus, u shud shaer ur cookies wif dem.

Ceiling Cat woant put up wif bein maed fun of.  No two waiz about it.

If u plant nauti thingz, u wil harvist distrukshn LOL.  If u plant what teh Holy Spirit lieks tho, he wil let u liv forevr.

Doant get tierd of bein good, bcz we can haz cheezburgrz if we doant giv up.

So letz be niec to evribodi.

My handrietin sux LOL!

Sum peepl wantz u to cut ur forskin off.  Dis iz bcz dey iz afraid peepl wil treet them bad bcz dey is Christians.

Dey jus wantz to talk about ur bodi LOL.

i nevr bragz about anithin xcept Jesus.

Forskinz iznt importnt.  Jesus's work iz all dat mattrz realli

i jus wantz evribodi who duz Ceiling Cat's work to be happi.

So doant giv me so much trubl no moar.

undefined

Frum Paul, friend of Ceiling Cat, 2 teh peepuls in Effesus.

Cheezburgers nd cookies frum Ceiling Cat nd Jesus.

Luv teh Ceiling Cat nd Jesus dat givez us teh free stuf.

Teh Ceiling Cat pikded us to be teh holey nd gud kittehs.

Ceiling Cat adopps uz as teh kittehs thru Jesus cuz he wants to,

nd givz us teh Jesus, who he luvs lots.

Jesus lets us off teh hook 4 arr invisible errorz.

No end of teh good cuz Ceiling Cat has teh brainz.

He tellz us evrythin we needs to kno abt, cuz he wantd 2.

Nd wen teh time is rddy, its will awl be in wun cookie bag with teh nam uv Jesus awn it.

A plan- Ceiling Cat haz it, and choosded us for it. He knos wat hes doin. Srsly.

This wai teh Jew kittehs maek Ceiling Cat happy nd they gets saved,

nd nao evry1 else has teh life saved 2. We is addoptd 4 real nao, like he promisd.

Ceiling Cat buys us so we can has gud stuf.

Evry1 is sayin how yu haev teh faeth nd yu luvs every1 lots,

nd it maeks me say THX 2 teh Ceiling Cat. I prey lots

nd ask teh Ceiling Cat to gives yu teh brainz to unnrstand teh Ceiling Cat.

Also I prey dat yu kno yu can has lots of hope nd cheezburgers liek all teh gud kittehs.

Also (I iz still preyin) yu shud kno Ceiling Cat is supr-strong nd has teh lazer eyes, but for teh gud. Dis is teh same wai

Ceiling Cat taked Jesus and maed him not dead, nd give him stuf.

Nao Jesus is biggr than teh presidnt nd teh kings nd all that- nd not jus nao, but alwayz.

Teh Jesus is in charge nao, says teh Ceiling Cat.

undefined

B4, yu wuz bad kitteh, srsly.

U no smell gud.

Wuz alwais goin in heets, LOLs.  Ttly embaresin.  An all time u fite fite fites. Ceiling Cat not want.

But Ceiling Cat lovded yu newayz.

Even tho yu not gud kitteh, Ceiling Cat tell Jebus bout u.  Jebus go finded u, even tho u wuz vereh stinkeh kitteh.

Jebus washed u off an maded u smell gud.

Now you iz speshul an can haz RESPECT! An Jebus give yu best cookie EVAH!

U can haz cookie not cuz u earnded it, but cuz iz preznt frum Ceiling Cat.

Kittehs braggin "See teh cookie? Maded it mah selfz!" got to STFU, srsly.

Ceiling Cat maded kittehs cuz He wantz kittehs keepin Him compny an watch Him make cookies nstuf.

Membr wunz u wuz stuck outside Ceiling Cats houz.

U no haz cheezburger, no haz cookie, no LOLs, an u wuz liek WTF?? Cud mai life sux smores?!!1!

But Jebus opended teh door an sais, "O hai keete keete! Wanna coem in mah houz?"

Jebus maded teh kitteh door sos kittehs cud be inside wid Him when dey wantz.

At first Ceiling cat wus liek, "Hey Jebus, WTF?!!! Wair all deez stinky kittehs coem from!!!" But Jebus sais, "Kittehs wid me, k?" Den Ceiling Cat wuz liek, "k."

Kittehs wunz wuz fraid Ceiling Cat. He wuz alwais liek, "Hey U, GTF off Mai lawn!!!" an throwded stuf.

Den Jebus went out to find kittehs,  Dey wuz hidin in teh bushes an sum wuz kinda far. Jebus wuz liek, "Heeer kitteh, kitteh..."

An he tooked teh kittehs into Ceiling Cats houz.

First kittehs wuz liek, "Oh noes! Halp! Halp!" But Jebus petted teh kittehs an shareded sum his cheezburgers. Den kittehs wuz no fraid Ceiling Cats place ne moer.

Soz new kittehs met old kittehs, an all kittehs wuz gettin nice rubs frum Jebus while Ceiling Cat maded teh cookies. Wuz no fites, just purrs.

Srsly, Jebus and kittehs an Ceiling Cat maded happy famly.

undefined

Cuz of dis I, slaev of teh Happycat four u Gentiles

-if u herdz of teh cheezburger that CeilingCat gib meh fur u,

how him gib meh teh reevelationes of teh mistree (I toldz u

allredy, so bai meh, so u can haz nawledge of Happycat),

HovrCat nau gibs nawledge to makez cookies!

K, big sekret!  ready? ...  wif HappyCat we all napzor in CeilingCat houz!! SRSLY!

Iz arredy napzor on sofa!

But CeilingCat sayed me to gib u deez cheezburgs reel fast, so I sayed "k!",

cuz dat wai i cn towd yu 'bout CeilingCat houz.

So all his peeps knw he can makez cheezburgs,

wif recipe he maded wif HappyCat,

who letz us in sos we cn napzor in CeilingCat houz,

So be happiez! Yu be in CeilingCat houz soon!.

Dis why I pway to CeilingCat

who maked ebry kitteh eveh:

Him cn gib yu nawledge to makez cookie,

dat way kitteh cn be l33t too!

Dat way yu 2 cn knw hiz luv!

(Him still gibs u cookie n cheezburg n stuffs.)

So, cuz CeilingCat is kewl,

undefined

Uz marked wid Ceiling Cats sent.  Evr bodeh noes uz totly pwnd by Him.  So dun be embarasin Ceiling Cat!

U gotz be humble leik lil kit.  No fites.  No meows if u haz to wait fer stufz, or if uthr kittehs gettin on ur nerves.  U gotz te act leik u don mind.

Even if kittehz askin fer it, dun fite, srsly.

All kittehs in Ceiling Cats tairtory no fites.  Membr wunz u wuz out, now uz in.  Same fer all Ceiling Cats kittehs.

We all gotz 1 Loard who pwns us wid Hiz sent.

We all gotz 1 Daddy, an Hez de boss uf uz.

But all kitteh getz cookie froom Jebus.

Der iz paipr sais, "When Jebus climed up teh ceiling, him carried teh kittehs, an gived teh kittehs cookie."

Now, if Jebus goed up teh ceiling, he gots get back downd teh floor.  Dat jes commin sentz.

Jebus goed up an caem down, so he been boef plaisez.

Jebus gived sum cookies to teh ol kittehs

so dey kin halp de new kittehs

an all kittehs kin be groed up kittehs noin bout Jebus an Ceiling Cat.

Den weez not itteh bitteh babeh kittehs no moer, all fraid uf scairy noises nstuffs, an totly gulbal an lettin meen kittehs taik ar cheezburgers.

Stead, weez leik pride uf big, roarin lions wid Jebus teh King.

An allo Jebus kittehs luvs teh uther an halps teh uther.  An each do him job, maekin de pride strong.

K, if u driftin off, wake up an lisen now.  Dis imortant:  don act leik teh stinkeh kittehs!

Stinky kittehs no haz lite.  Lite iz metafur, means nawlege uf teh Ceiling Cat an Jebus.

Stinky kittehs jes do watevr dey wantz cuz dey don care bout Ceiling Cat.  Dey alwais goen heetz, eat all teh cheezburgers, an fites.

But u noes Jebus don act leik dat.

U noes troof bout Jebus, k?

U iz not spose te fites, an yowls, nom all teh cheezbugers, an go crazy in heetz liek u uzed to.

Jebus no wantz an u iz leik him now.

Ceiling Cat changed u into gud kitteh inside.

So don BS uthr kittehs (i noes contraidikshin uz gud but still need me tellin u don lie; don worri bout it, kthx!).

If uthr kitteh piss u off, be caerful u don make invisbl err.  An stop bein pissed if teh sun is goen down.

When u iz pissed, debil kitteh can taek ovr ur mind.

An WTF is wid kittehs bogarten all teh cheezburgers?!! Dat sheetz gotta stop, srsl.  U shud hunt and bringz back noms fer de lil kitz or de sick kittehs.

I dun wanna heer no moer trash talk from u kittehs nether, even if iz funneh.  Dat bad fer kitteh self esteem.

Don make Hovr Cat crai.  Membr, he marked u so Ceiling Cat noes uz Hiz.

U ragers an haters got to chill, srsly.

undefined

Be liek Ceiling Cat, cuz u noes he luvs u.

and luv teh uthr kittehs leik Jebus luv u.  Membr Jebus gaeb hiz laif an eben all hiz cheezburgerz fur u.  Dat nice prezent froom Jebus smelt leik fresh cookies outta de oven to Ceiling Cat.

Now wen I sais "luv" I'z not talkin bout goin in heetz!  An I'z not talkin bout luvin cookies sos u taekz em wid out askin!  Ceiling Cat's kittehs not liek dat.

Dun sai liek teh Tom cats, "Hai secksy puss, show me sum ur tail..." DAT BE UBSEEN!  Ceiling Cat NO WANT UBSEEN TALK!

Iz tellin u teh troof: no nasteh, greedeh kittehz gonna get cookies frum Jebus oor Ceiling Cat.

Kittehs sain, "Iz not nasteh; iz natral" iz lyin.  Ceilin Cat don wanna heer dat kind uf talk.  An Ceilin Cat got big can whup ass readeh fur kittehs who dun do wut He sai.

So dun hangout wid teh slutteh kittehs.

Uz kitteh of teh Lite, metafurkleh speekin.  So live leik kitteh uf teh Lite, k?

Lite haz froots, mix-metafurkleh speekin.  Dat froot iz goodnis, richoosnis, an troof

Wut maekz teh Loard happi?

If u sai, "lite frootz," u iz correct.  If u sai "dark frootz," u failz!  "Dark" iz nuther metafur.  Means stuf Ceiling Cat no wantz.  If u see a kitteh wid dark froot, go tell uthr kittehs bout him.

Srsly, iz totly embarasin wut bad kittehs do wen dey finks no wun iz lookin, LOLs!

If u see bad kitteh doin bad, u tell uthr kittehs to go see. If u haz camera, maek YouTube video.

All teh kittehs lookin will maek bad kitteh feel totly embairesd. Derz paipr sais, "Waik up, sleepeh kitteh!  Uz not dead.  Jebus shines a lite on u an taekz pix, hahaha!"

So don be stoopid.

Time coems u cud do gud, u bettr do gud an not ebil liek teh stinkeh kittehs.

An don be silli.  Fink bout wut teh Loard wantz.

Dun roll in teh catnipz, wot maeks u act stoopid an getz u in trubbles.  U shud let Hovr Cat mark u wid hiz scent.

Dun maek secksy talk, srsly!  Iz moar bettr u sing all teh tiem bout how awsum Ceiling Cat iz, liek dis: "Awsum Awsum iz teh Loard!"

An sai thx to ur Daddy in de Ceiling for evreh think, an thx to Jebus, liek dis: "kthx, kthx, no whup ass plz, kthx!"

No fites nether, cuz u respect Jebus, k?

Wimmins, u do what ur mens sai, liek u do wut Ceiling Cat sais.

Teh mens pwns teh wimmins liek Jebus pwns teh kittehs he went an gots from de bushes nstuff.

Teh kittehs do wut Jebus sais, an u wimmins got to do wut ur mens sai.  Mens is teh boss of teh wimmins, an teh mens no want back talk, srsly.

Now mens shud luv teh wimmins, like Jebus luv teh littl kittehs.

Mens shud cleen teh wimmins up an wash teh wimmins brains wid words.

Den u see teh wimmins iz all cleened an glowin an eyez iz glazed liek nethin goin on inside.

Den mens gonna luvs teh wimmins leik dey iz a body part.

D00ds, u feedz an caerz for yersevs, rite?  Well dats how u caerz fur teh wimmins.  Iz liek Jebus carin for teh littl kits, puttin down plate uf milk an noms.

Laidys membr iz not bad bein pwned.  We all iz pwned by Jebus.

Der iz paper sais, "A mens moevz out teh moms basement wen him gets a wimminz, but he don eated her."

Wai iz liek dis?  Wai?  I dunno.  Iz leik Jebus, he don nom de kittehs nether.

undefined

Tiny kittns, Ceiling Cat say yu shud lisn 2 yur parenz.

"Lisn 2 teh mom nd dad kittehs."

If yu do, yu will haev long laif nd it will be gud.

2 teh Dad kittehs: no maek teh tiny kittns mad by bein unfair. Be fair like Ceiling Cat.

Servntz, lisn 2 yur maztrs liek yu lisn 2 teh Ceiling Cat.

Not just be gud wen they is watching, but alwayz.

Be happy, liek yu is wurking for teh Ceiling Cat.

Ceiling Cat givez teh cheezburgers to teh kittehs who r gud, no mattr who is servnt nd who is maztr.

Maztrs: teh Ceiling Cat sais be nice, nd no yellin at teh wurker kittehs. Ceiling Cat dusnt liek yu better than teh wurker kittehs.

Ceiling Cat will maek yu strong.

Put on teh armurz Ceiling Cat givez yu, so yu pwn Basement Cat.

We not pwn otehr normul kittehs, but Basement Cat nd his invisibul kittehs.

Maek shur yu not forget any of teh armur. That wai yu will pwn.

There is teh belt of teh trueness and teh body armur of teh gud.

Teh armur shoes iz maed of teh FAQ, so yu can has brainz.

Dun forget teh sheeld! It savs yur laif frum teh firy arows.

Helmet is made of saves, and teh sword is of teh Hovrcat.

Prey 2 teh Ceiling Cat all teh timez. Not fall asleep or forget to preyz!

Whiel yur at it, preyz 4 me 2. Ask Ceiling Cat givez me teh brains to unnerstand teh plan.

I is in chains. Prey lots!

BTW, mah friend Tykikus will b comin 2 tel yu bout me. He is gud at halpin wit stuf.

Thats wai I sent him- to halp yu nd give yu LOLs.

Peace out fello kittehs.

undefined

Frum Paul nd Timothee, friends of Ceiling Cat. 2 teh gud peepul in Filipie who kno teh Ceiling Cat too.

I hopes Ceiling Cat givez yu teh LOL nd teh gud.

Ebry time I thinks of yu, I sai "THX Ceiling Cat!"

Yu maeks me happy,

cuz yu has been mai friends 4 a long tiem.

I kno teh Ceiling Cat, he wurks wit yu all teh tiem.

Yu nd me, we r BFFL wit teh Ceiling Cat.

Ceiling Cat knos how much I luvs yu all!

I can has prayr that yu will has teh brainz AND teh luv.

That wai, yu will knos wat is imprtant nd yu will be gud.

I wants yu 2 always be gud, so yu can has teh cheezburgers nd teh cookies nd moar!

I wants yu 2 kno all bout wat is happining!

Evry1 here knos I am in chains 4 teh Ceiling Cat.

Cuz of meh, they r not fraid to talk bout Jebus.

Is true dat some of teh kittehs just want teh cheezburgers. Not care abt Ceiling Cat. But not all.

Lots of teh kittehs luvs me.

But teh bad kittehs, they sai things jus to maek me sad.

O Well! Teh stuf abt teh Jebus is bein said eether wai, so it not matter 2 much.

I kno yu r preyin, nd Jebus will saf me.

I is not embarasd bout Jebus. Even if I dies it still be ok.

Mai laif is 4 Jebus, so bein dead is ok cuz I will be with teh Jebus!

But if I is alaif, I can do moar wurk for teh Jebus.

I wants to be wit teh Ceiling Cat,

but since yu guyz r here I guess I wil stay 4 nao.

Teh reason I will stay alaif is so I can givez yu teh smartz and teh LOLz.

Wen I visit yu will be happy cuz I is doin Jebus wurk.

Liv liek Jebus did so wen I c yu I kno yu is fallow him.

Not be fraid, teh bad kittehs will be pwnd, but teh Ceiling Cat will saf ur laifs.

Is okay sometiems laif is hard.

undefined

Ifz bein wit teh Ceiling Cat maeks uz happee, an ifz uz feelz all warm and fzuzy cuz he wubs uz, an ifz uz spendz happee play tiemz wit deh Ceiling Cat, an ifz uz feelz all warm, fzuzy, nd poop toawrdz ohter cats,

Tehn uz can maekz mi happee by knot fyting wif ohter cats hoo ar freindz wif teh Ceiling Cat, an try two agrie wif eahc ohter, an wurkz twogehter an stuf. Srsly.

Dun bee selfihs, an dun luk in teh meeror and say, "Oh Hai! u iz best lukin wun aroun!" Inzted, luk at ohterz an say, "U iz wey mor awesum tahn mi. J00 r0x0rz."

Dun get teh catnipz jus fer urselfz, get sum fer everywunz.

U shud tihnk liek teh Baby Jeebus:

Hoo wuz teh saem as Ceiling Cat, yet nut robber, but deesidid knot to stey up dere

an maed himzelf jus liek uss, becumin not Ceiling Cat no mor:

Him wuz pretend lessr, nd obeyed thingz til deaf of cross.

So Ceiling Cat sez to him, "UZ AWESUM! lol" and callz him nice namez,

so dat wen we hears hiz nice namez, we bow at nee nd givez him all deh cheezburgerz, whether we findz dem in teh sky or on teh ground or in teh cavez,

and we all sez, "UZ AWESUM! UZ CEILING CAT JR! CEILING CAT ROX!"

Uz all mai frienz, and Iz knoz uz alwayz gud kittehz, and uz not jus liek dat wen Iz around, but also when on vacashun. Go ahed wif wat uz startedz and stay frienz wif teh Ceiling Cat, but be afraidz cuz u kno him can pwn u.

Teh reazun u all gud kittehz is cuz Ceiling Cat maekz u gud kittehz.

Wen u duz gud stufz, dun be liek, "OMG! DIS SUCKS!"

if u dun complainz about stufz, u can has cheezburger frum Ceiling Cat, and all teh bad kittehs get sprayed wif squirt bottle. And teh bad kittehs will see dat u arn't wet and dey be like, "OMG! WAI NOT?"

and u can sez to dem, "Becuz Iz frienz wif Ceiling Cat lol." An I can tel everywunz dat Iz didn't help u be frienz wif Cieling Cat fur nothin.

But if Iz bein munched on liek old-fashuned jooish cheezburger, Iz still vry happee wif all yall kittehz.

So all yall kittehz be happee wif me two!!

Iz hopin dat Ceiling Cat letz me send u Timothy soon, so Iz can heer abowt uz and be happee.

I dun kno anywun liek Timmeh, cuz he reely carez abowt uz. Srsly.

Everywun is selfish kittehz and onlee thinkz abowt demselvz, an dey dun think abowt what Jeebus wantz.

But uz all in teh kno, cuz Timmeh provez daht him is teh kewlies. He workz wif me for Jeebuz liek itz teh familee bizness.

So Iz want to sendz him two all yall kittehz

An tehn Iz cum myself.

My friend and fellow Kitteh Epafroditus is liek, "I can haz Phillippians?"

cuz he knoez u herd he waz teh sickees.

He was so teh sickees dat he almost got pwned, but Ceiling Cat sez to him, "NOT YET, LOL!" and we both wuz liek, "W00t!" Cuz if Epafroditus went up to see Ceiling Cat, Iz be very sad.

So Iz reeely want u to see himz, so taht u can be liek, "W00t!"

When he cumz, u givez him lots of lulz an w00tz, kthnx,

undefined

Oh Hai, liek be happy cuz yu inside Ceiling Cat!!!11! Ai can tellz yuz stufz so yuz doan get wetz, k?

Dogz iz stinkeh. Dey wantz to cutz off yur forskinz. OMG!

But weez prai to Ceiling Cat and sez Jebus iz full of win, so weez can haz forskinz. Not konfidentent.

Iz konfidentent

Ate day, iz ah Joo.

Iz followded teh law n PWNed many church doodz, k? Srsly.

Iz thunk it mattererded, but Jebus wuz all liek "Nope, kthkbye".

Nuttin matterers wifout Jebus.  Jebus iz more betteh den cheezeburgers. Jebus make cheezeburgers luk liek poo. Iz ken frow away all mai stufz so I ken knowz Jebus.

I wanna bee part of Jebus. Been Okeedokee wif Ceiling Cat doant com frum roolz.  Itz cuz Iz beeleeves in Jebus.  Itz frum Ceiling Cat.  Iz getz it frum faif.

I wanna knoe Jebus betteh.  I wanna knoe whut hovrded Jebus from def and knoe hiz hurtz.

Den Ceiling Cat will hovr me.

Iz doant haz dat stufz.  Iz notz purfecks, k? But Iz keep moovin to getz what Jebus wantz me to getz.

Kittehs, I knoed bout soem stufz, but I eated it.  Iz onlie knoes bout da fewcher.

Ceiling Cat wants me to haz Cheezeburger.  Jebus iz teh troo Cheezeburger.

Maibee yu doant agreez, puhfect d00d, but Ceiling Cat will say "Oh Hai, Yu iz rong, kthkbye".

Srsly.

Kittehs, get otha kittehs an bee liek mee.

(Iz keepz repeetin mysef, but now Iz cryin.  Lotz of teh kittehs are stinkeh aginst teh cross of Jebus.

Ceiling Cat be eated them, k?  Dey luv cheezeburgers more den Jebus, an are all liek "I love invisible error! Iz so greatz! Lookz at my new hat, kthkbye".)

Butz weez talk in teh ceiling.  An Jebus cums to saef weez.

undefined

Hai mai kittehs dat ai luvs, mai sunbeamz! In dis way stai firm in teh Bigcat.

Plz Meowdia and Hissykey plai nice togethr.

All yuz kittehs, plz help dem.  Deyz fot for de gospel wif me. An wif Cwement an other kittehs who will has cheezburger.

Purr for Bigcat. Allwais. Dont jus purr, jump!!11! (Srsly. But not too srsly.)

Show all kittehs yr gentle. Ceiling Cat comin soon.

Dont wory. Asks an thanks Ceiling Cat for stufs.

An de Ceiling Cat b chillin. An dis chillin will b lyk NO WAI to aneething that wanna hurt yr feelin and thinkin. Dem gonna stai in Jebus. Srsly.

Thinks on stufz dat makez yuz gud kittehs. Stuf dat peeps praizs yuz fors.

Wot ai tots yuz, an yuz seen in me, do dat. Den Chillin Ceilin Cat b wif yuz.

Ai purrd an rund aroun da room wen yuz gave me more cookie. Srsly.
Yuz wanted to gives me cookie before but yuz culdnt.

Not dat ai wants cookie, cuz ai haz larnd to purr even wifout cookie.

Even wif tiny tiny cookie ai purrz. Or wif great monster cookie ai stillz purrs.

Ai can be doin any tingzes wif Ceiling Cat dat be givin me dem strengthez.

So even tho ai cans purrs wifout cookie,
yuz good kittehs to share cookie wif me wen ai gots none.

Yuz Phillipikittehs know dat wen ai left yr howse,
yuz waz de only onez dat gaved me cookie.

Yuz evn sent cookie to me in teh salon ai kah.

Cookie itself DO NOT WANT.  Want yuz grows, from giving cookiez.

Skimbleshanks gave me lotz of cookiez from yuz. An ai gotz dem. Tks.
Ceiling Cat cans smell when kittehs does nice tingz laik dat.
Dis make Ceiling Cat happy.

Cuz yuz iz in Jebus, Ceiling Cat will givz yuz all stufz yuz needz.
Cuz he gots lotz of stufz in his sunbeams.

Looks at Ceiling Cats sunbeams.  Always.  Srsly.

Sai O Hai to all Phillipikittehs.
Mai kittehs say O Hai also.

Speshly Seezurs kittehs.

undefined

'k Paul, a loongcatz ov Jebus by hopez ov teh Ceiling Cat, 'n Timothy, ovrz bro,

To teh howly 'n faizfull broz in Jebus at Colosse:  Gracez 'n Piece (no cheezbrgr?!) fron da Ceiling Cat, ovrz dadz!

We r alwaiz thankingin teh Ceiling Cat, da dadz ov ourz Bossman Jebus, when weez sayz dis wurds ov prayr 4 ya,

cos we've ben 'earing ov ur belieff in Jebus 'n 4 thee <3 luv <3 u haz 4 All Saints -

de fayth and <3 luvz <3 dat b coming fron ur depot ov hope up in da hoodz ov da Ceiling Cat 'n dat wich u haz allredy herd 'bout in da wordz ov thrught, dem gospilz

dat alrady cum 4 u. (no srsly, wan sentincz!) Evry place herez on diz planit dat gospil iz havin' fruitz and eez growin', jus' like 't haz bin growin' in youz when u heards it and de holy stufz ov teh Ceiling Cat waz in al ov 'tz throuth wit ya.

Ourzs <3 luvd <3 Epaphras, uas teeching ya ov it, he b faizfull 4 Christ 4 uz,

he also toldz uz of urz <3 luv <3 in da Spirit.

So diz b whai, sincz we's heering ov youze, we alwaiz prayz 4 youze 'n askining da Ceiling Cat to givez u skillz ta undehrsthand hiz thingink 'n stufz.

W iz praing laik diz, so thee live ur laif worthee ov da Bossman 'n maik 'im a happycat in allwaiz: makining edible stufs in evri gud nap, getin' bigr in da thingink and stufz ov teh Ceiling Cat,

b'ing stronged wif all da base laik he wanz so'z u may haz loong napz 'n pacient wait 4 cheezbrgr, 'n hapi

givin' thanx to da Dadz whu maik u valid 4 inheritunz ov All Saints 'n deir tunez. (r'ly! wan sentincz!)

4 He iz da wan who savez uz fron lotz ov darkniss (4 He is Cat and seez) 'n gived us dem ginkdom ov theez Son he <3 luvz <3,

whom wif we haz redempschun, da forgez ov sinz.

'e is de imigz ov da invisibl Ceiling Cat, da furst cat ovr dem rest.

4 he maded all stufz: stufz in da hoodz ov da Ceiling Cat 'n stufz on dis planit, visibl an' invisibl, if they iz seatz ov base or bossmen or bossmen ov bossmen, he maded dem 4 himselfz!

He iz wat iz befor all stufz, and he maik all stufz b.

He iz da 'ead ov da body, da churchz!: he is da begining and teh furst cat from da zombicatz, so whatevir iz he iz bossman!

4 de Ceiling Cat was hapi to haf everithin in 'im,

'n be also da settlimnt-maker ov all playces, even if iz in da hoodz ov da Ceiling Cat or on dis planit, so he go to da X and bleedz.

So, sumtimez befor knauw, u was aliented fron da Ceiling Cat, 'n was enemiez in ur mindz 'cos u waz evyl!

Buh knauw, he meik settlimnt wif u by Christz bodi dieing to givez u howly in hez sight, no dirtz and bad wurdz -

if u continus in ur belieffs, rly 'n rly, no thoughz awai fron da hopez in da gospil. Dis is da gospil u haz heardid 'bout 'n iz toldz ta all catz undir da hoodz ov da Ceiling Cat, and ov whicz I'z, Paul, me iz a servants ov.

So, maik funney (mabbe cheezburgr 2?) 4 wat iz suffrd 4 youze, 'n I'z filling me up wif wat mising wif Christz painz and sufferingz, 4 hiz bodi which b da churzch!

I'z am servants 'cos teh Ceiling Cat azk mi, so I givez u da wurdz ov teh Ceiling Cat, srsly! -

da hidn sicrits ov loong timez, knaw givin ta All Saints.

Ta dem teh Ceiling Cat has pick'd to givez amongk dem non-Jebz dem glawriaws ritches ov dis misteree, and dat is da Christ in you'ze, da hawp ov glawry!

W sez abaot 'im veri importanz, teling allz, all ov all ov thingink, 'n stufz, so w b purrfec in Christ.

undefined

Me snifftz yer buttz'n skratched ya, An doze at Laodicea, An alls nawt nevr snifftz mah buttz;

Der hapy tickers, sniff'n, An tinkin', Yo! itz Ceiling Cat, An daddums, An Sky Catz;

Dey havea flea collr.

An meow, dun be foowld agin.  I iz sirius.

Yo! I ain't sniffnz yer buttz, I'm boozn, rolln ballz uv woolz, Anna knowz Sky Catz.

An yuz sniffnz Ceiling Cat da d00d, inniz littrboxz:

Snuggld himz, sniffnz himz, bin teached, happy cats.

Watchit an lookey out good lookin catz, fur da peeps, fur da cowz, nawt Ceiling Cat.

Fur crashpadz anna lazy fat uv da Sky Catz.

Anna youze dun, big d00dz, srsly:

Youze circumcised da circumcision wit no paws, nawt poopin onna littrboxz orda foreskin of da 
circumcisized Sky Catz:

Dugn burried, youze no Ceiling Cats, make himma zombie feller.

Youze, no Invisible Errorz annan uncircumcision of your penis tipz, him fast, sez Yo! yer ok 
nowz, meow.

Youze ok, I dinna no, I stold it, srsly stuk it to littrboxz wit nailz;

An bummd da d00dz, dere dey iz, meows wit glee.

No peeps be judge judy bouts kibble, ora milk, no dissn stuffz, or moonz, whateva:

Dat stuffz gunna be; lookey Sky Catz, srsly.

No peepz gunna fool yuz, lyahz anna tards, sup youze stuffy d00dz,

Iz gotz splittn headake, Iz hungover anna sor, anna dum, anna seein Ceiling Cats.

Youze dum ded cows nawt Sky Catz, huh, youze here, listnz ta judge judy,

(Donna gobblitz greedy

Youzea fat azzez;) cauze judge judy sed so?  Yup!

undefined

Youse dun nappin wit Ceiling Cat, lookey up, atta boy catz nexta right mittenz of Ceiling Cat.

Luvin ceilin, nadda stuffz onna Urths.

Youse ded, An urine da Sky Catz namd Ceiling Cats.

Win Sky Catz, yupper, himz cummin, den youse meow wit him so happy, srsly.

RAWR atta udder catz onna urth; PENIS GOES WHERE?, ikky furs, leg humpin, badbad wanta urths stuffs, anna yer stuffs, dats Billy Idol, like STFU d00dz:

Fur stuffz Ceiling Cats maddr den hell atta bad kittys, srsly:

Dats U der Iz yammern bout, youse crashed atta der plaze, meow.

Youse dun now; RAWR, hiss-hiss, scratchy, WTF, yammerin litterboxz mouth.

Donna lye, lookey lazy old peeps;

Anna newbie, him no stuffz bout lookin lik Ceiling Cats:

Were der no Geeks or Juice, circumcision nor uncircumcision, Barbarian, Scythian, leash nor free: but Sky Catz is all, An in all.

Jest do it, pick uv Ceiling Cats, holy and most likked, petting rectum, warm milk, small bag uv kibble, mewing, scratchy ears;

Stop it, pet nudder catz, if squirrelz not gud: if Sky Catz scratch youse hed, so also youse.

Most give uddrs yer kibble, datz like cheezbrgrz.

Gots nappy Ceiling Cats inna youse ticker, srsly dats big banana; anna youse meowing.

Ceiling Cats inna yer azzez; teached and spanked like meowing in alleyway, meow-meow-meow-meow meow-meow-meow-meow for kibble anna happy tickers fur Sky Catz.

An doin stuffz, do fer kitten Jebus, tanks Ceiling Cat anna big daddy Yo!.

She pussez, giv itup to yer dadaz, cuz Sky Catz luv it.

Dadaz, do yer pussez, An no sour pussz.

Kittnz, do watchr dadaz sez: make Ceiling Cats purr.

Dadaz, donna poke yer kittnz earz, theyz RAWR, srsly.

Slave chix, giv itup to yer massas; not da gobble-gobble, as d00d-dooers; butz lik meowing mewing, RAWR goes Ceiling Cats;

Watever, jus duz it, to Sky Catz, An not da peeps, Im sirius;

Youse duz it gud youse get clean littrboxz: youse now slavin Teh Jebus.

undefined

Portent d00dz, make nice-nice wit yer catz, cauze youse gots Sky Catz.

Keeps up da miawing, miaws louder den hell;

miaw fur uz too, dat Ceiling Cat bats doorknob wit pawz, yammerz bout kittn Jebus, Iz wearn a collern leash,

dats it gunna happn, I meowz it, srsly.

Go fur stroll lik braniacz outside, lookey at clockz.

Miaw-miaw-miaw wit nice-nice, salt'n'peppah, youse gotta no stuffz an et no cheezebrgz.

Tychicus, bro catz, happy teachr, anna Jebus bootlikr, miaws alla stuffz.

Izza tells ya srsly d00dz lookey, dat he nose kibble anna kitty littr lik nocatz bizznezz,

wit Onesimus, buttlikkn catz, whobe youse. Dey tellyaz bout cheezbrgz anna kibble anna warm milk.

Aristarchus stuk inna cage too, wit Mark d00d cat of Barnabas (I tellz ya already bout himz: iffn he showup, scratch hiz earz),

anna Jebus calls hizself judge judy, snicker meow. Deyz slaverz of Ceiling Cat who bin havin der penis skin cut orfa dem; deyz scratchd me earz anna maked me purr.

Epaphras, whobe U be, bootlikr of Jebus, miaws nice kitty, scratchy fleas anna miaws, you unnerstan yuppers watz Ceiling Cats yammerin bout.

I lookey anna seez him miaw fur youse, anna demz in Laodicea, anna demz inna Hierapolis.

Luke da doktor and Demas rubz yer legz.

Sniff da buttz ov da bros frum Laodicea, anna Nymphas anna littrboxz anna scratchpost.

I dun yammern, lookey atta littrboxz uv Laodiceans, anna youse miawing bout Laodicea.

Anna miaw ta Archippus, “Pee anna poop inna litterboxz frum da Sky Catz, An filler up gud.  Cover it up wenya dun.”  I iz sirius.

undefined

The church of the Thessalonians, Ceiling Cat haz it. Paul and Silvanus and Timotheus sez to it: "Grace, you haz it. Peace you haz it. Ceiling Cat sez it."

We luvs Ceiling Cat for Invisible Wants!!!

We did remember you, and we did not forgetted it. Ceiling cat saw.

Ceiling Cat won election! Hooray!

Ceiling Cat not just speak, Invisible Cat speak too.

And ye loveded Ceiling Cat, but Invisible Cat hurted you (in good wayz).

Examples? U was it!

Ceiling Cat? U did shout it. Now can stop plz.

You did luvz Monorail Cat, but waz wrong. Ceiling Cat says O RLY? Now you do luvz Ceiling Cat.

undefined

Did kno kittehs that we didz not failz at yer place.

We didz get hurtz and callz namez in Philpi, but we tellz you about Ceiling Cat while you peltz eggs.

We luvz Ceiling Cat - no lies.

RLY, We tellz u not for u but for Ceiling Cat. [Ceiling Cat tests us.]

We is telling truth, and Ceiling Cat did see us.

We do not ask for ear-scratching cheezburger from you. We could ask for cheezburger

But we did not ask for cheezburger, like cat doesn't take cheezburger from kitteh.

We did luvz you loadz, and we did share livez.

And we worked hard, you not 'member?

You did seez, and so did Ceiling Cat.

We did treat youz like kittehs,

so should be living like Ceiling Cat.

We luvz that you luvz Ceiling Cat, and luvz lolbible!

And kittehz copiez Ceiling Cat's churches - not like evil j00bs,

who killz Jebus and invisible ideah kittehz and stoled our bucketz

so we cudz not talk to lolrusses to tel them bout Ceiling Cat.

But kittehz, we waz gon, now we back: hurray!

We wantd to com but Basement Cat did stoppd us.

Jebus make us happy bout u when he com bak.

undefined

So wen we wuz liek, "IZ TU MUCH! I NEEDZ BRAEK!", we wunted tu be aloen in teh Athens.

We sended Timothy, cuz hez r bruddr an wurkf wif teh Ceiling Cat, tu maeks ur fayth strawngr,

so dat dey iz not feelin bad fr teh trials. Cuz yu no dat it has tu happin.

Srsly, we telled yu we gunna be persecooted.

So, I sended Timothy to findz tings abowt ur relijun. Iz very scaerd dat sumwun mite hav temptd yu, an den it wood be fr nuffing.

Iz gud tho. Timothy comed bak n sez u r0x. Him sez us r in ur headz, maekin gud memorees an him sez dat u wanned tu hanged owt wif us and das cul too.

So evn do i wuz ben persacooted i was cul cuz whn ai thot abowt awl da faythe u gotz. Srsly.

Cuz now us can has lief cuz ur stayin troo to Ceiling Cat.

Lol I dunno hou us can gib Ceiling Cat enuff cheezburgerz fur awl the lulz him gibs.

Eben whn its drk (but iz okayz cuz i can has vizion eben at nights) ai aks Ceiling Cat if is cul fur us tu hang outs agan.

Teh ceelin cat hemslf can giv us map markrs to yur twenty.

Mai teh ceelin cat maek ur luvs biggar an' maek it ovrflow just liek teh bathrum afta hoomins.

undefined

Finely, bros, we told u how 2 live liek Ceiling Cat sez n as you r. Now we ast u to be moar n moar gud 4 baby Jebus.

4 u know wut we tole u from baby Jebus.

Ceiling Cat wants u 2 go in Invisible ways n not have teh bad sekks.

N each 1 uv u keeps hiz pawz 2 himself

n not be humpin evrytihng liek alley catz in teh heat 'k?  Cuz tehy don kno taht Celing Cat is watching em masturbate.

N don be humpin ur bros srsly taht is liek rly gross, k?  Ceiling Cat will srsly pwn catz who do dis liek I toled u b4.

Ceiling Cat wantz u to b gud n baff selfz with tungz.

n if u don lissen 2 Ceiling Cat u b rejecting Ceiling Cat who sez u can haz Hover Cat.

U is luvin teh lolcatz 4 sure bcuz we kno Ceiling Cat taught u 2 b luvin.

N u luv all teh bros in Macedonia. U shd luv em maor, but wifout teh humpin liek I sed. Srsly.

stfu, myob, n work wif ur pawz n tungz liek we told u, killin mousies n stuffz.

so teh uvver lolcats will be ur frenz but not has 2 give u cheezburgrs n cookiez n catnip.  Tehse u getz on ur own wif ur pawz.

Bros, we wantz u to know about teh ded catz so u not b n00bz.

We kno taht baby Jebus taek teh invisible escalator after he haz ded, n so we believe ded catz will 2.

We who iz still alive don go first wen baby Jebus taek invisible escalator 2nd tiem. Teh ded catz will.

4 baby Jebus taek invisible escalator down from ceiling, n maek lotz of noise n all teh ded catz will come out of teh groun n taek teh invisible escalator 2. We're in ur urf re-animatin ur corpses.

After dat, teh lolcats taht still livin taek invisible escalator 2 ceiling. Up in teh air wif all tohse ded catz. omgwtfbbq. But we b wif baby Jebus n dat makez us teh happycatz.

undefined

But of da timez n sezons, bruhterz, ya'll has no need fo me to be written.

For yerselvez no prfctly dat thee day o' tha Ceiling Cat comez as a puppi in tha nightness.

When peeps sez, "Peese n safenez", distrucshuns will comez on dem all of a suddens liek, as birthin' pains on a motha kitteh, and dey will not gets out, srlsy.

But yuz, bruhterz, are not in de darknesses, an' dis dai, wen it gets here, it noes shood surprize yu lieks a theef, or sneeks up on yuz, or nuthin'.

Yu all are kittehs of de lites, an' kittehs of de daitimez. We noes belongs to the nites an' noes to de darknesses, k?.

So den, we noes be liek otherz, who be sleepins, but we be, liek, alert an' has controwls of ourselvez.

'Coz de peeps who be sleepin', dey sleepin' at nites, an' de peeps who be gettin' drunk, an fallin' oveh, an' noes in control of demselvez, deys doin' dis at nites too.

But 'coz we belongs to de dai, we can has selfs-controwls, an' we can puts on faythes an' luvs as a protecshun on ours tummehs, an' we can has de howp of salvayshuns liek a invisible bike helmuts on our hedz.

For Ceiling Cat noes wants us to haz roths an' stuff, he wants we can haz salvayshuns 'coz of Happy Cat.

Happy Cat waz made ded for a few days, liek, den was made undead again, for uz kittehs, noes matter if we be awakes or be sleepins, an we can livez together with Happy Cat in deh Ceiling.

So, be tellin' each otherz yuz are good, an' be shoutin' praises at each otherz, an' build each otherz up, juz lieks yu be doin' nows, acshually.

Now we asks you, bruhterz, to respecksez anyonez who doz hard werks with der paws, an’ dem who haz sum authorytize frm Happy Cat, an’ dem whoze job it be to tells yu off sumtimez.

Hold dem in haiest regardz an’ luvs ‘coz of de werks.  Live in peese with each otherz.

An’ we urgez yu, bruhterz, giv warninz to those who be laizee, an’ be naise to de scaredy kittehs, an’ be payshunt with evrywun.

Make shure dat nowbody gives paiback wrong faw wrong, but always tries to be naise to each otherz and to evrywun elses.

Hav happies always!!;

Do invisible talkin’ to Ceiling Cat, all de timez!!;

Say thnx all de timez, faw dis iz wot Ceiling Cat wants an’ Happy Cat too.

Do not axidentallee do number ones on HovrCat’s fire an’ puts it out, dis wuld be bad;

Do not be sayin’ professees is stoopid;

Check everyfingz out; Keep de cheezburgers that yu getz given.

No goes neer eevils, k?

May Ceiling Cat hisselfs, Kitteh of peese, sanctify you frew an’ frew. May yur spiritz an’ sole an’ bodee be kept naise an’ cleen inside at de comingz of Happy Cat.

The one who callz yu iz faythefull an’ he will be doin’ wot he sez he will.

Bruhterz, invisible talk to Ceiling Cat for us, pleeze.

Say Hai to all de bruhters wiv a holee lick on der hedz.

I gives yu de job befaw Happy Cat of readin’ dis letta to all de bruhter kittehs.

undefined

Ket bros Paul, Silvanus, and Timothy 


Oh hai, u guise can haz cheezbrgrs an peeces from Ceiling Cat teh biggie and Lod Jebus, kgud? Theys is, cuz you has bin, k.

Alwaise shud be thanksing Ceiling Cat for youse, yo faythe is hasn a flavor an teh luvz ofteh kets an for teh udder guise is wikid an grows the wikidness bigger, ttlysrsly.

So we rubz ouselves and spray in teh homes of Ceiling Cat celebratin ur pounce and belieevez in all your persimmons and teh whiskas you endure.

Ceiling Cat haz teh fair roolz an dis is teh proofs, dis iz wai yu eats cheezbrgrs less so yu kan deserv to livings in teh Ceiling wif Ceiling Cat.

Cuz Ceiling Cat defnitly laik to beatz up teh alleekats taht beatz yu up, srsly,

an to maek teh nais bedz fr yuo if yuo iz pwned, wen Lod Jebus showse us frm teh Ceiling wit teh BirdKats dat is suprbuff,

in teh suprhot brning fiar, dey cums an pwnzors teh alleekats dat dosent lissen to Lod Jebus oar du wht he sayz.

Alleekats iz gettin PWNZORD 4EVR ZOMG!!11! An dey is being stuk awai frm Ceiling Cat wif teh kitteh door lokkd,

wen he gose in da howse so hez ken be pettd bai his 3 ones wif hols in dem, an for lukin gud at teh kitteh sho an lissns to da tesstimoanys (Iz not nose wat dat iz, saonds liek makin secks noys LOL).

OK, wez alwais prai fr yu, so taht Ceiling Cat maek you gud fr himz to call or txt msg, an maiks evrthngs yuo dose wurk soopr gud,

undefined

Reegardins teh commin of ar Lawrd Baby Jeebus Chrst n ar bein gafverd 2 hem, we axt u, bruthrs,

not to becum eesily sceerd or alrmeds by sum professy, reprt or ledder supose to be frum us, saizin that teh dai o teh Lawrd hads alreddy camed.

Dun let enewon trickses joo, fur tat dai wil not comes intel teh rebbelyon goes n teh mans of lawzlessnesses is can be showd, teh man dooomd to destruxon!!!

Him does not want and will sais hisself is awwsumr tahn Ceiling Cat, so taht he can has hole in ceiling for hissef.

Dun u ramembr dat I toll joo dis befor?

N naow u no whut are stopsings him, so it can be rite tiemz for him to be seed.

Fur teh secrt pawres of lawzlessnesses iz can bes alreddy at wurkz; butt teh ones who nahw holdser it baks wil keeps doin it til he no doez it no moar.

Den teh lawzles 1 can be showed, an teh Lawrd Baby Jesus wil beets him up wif his bad bref an jus beein awesomez.

Teh lawzlez wun comins is wil be liek teh wurk of Basement Cat, wif awl kiens of fayk miraculs an sines an wundrs,

an in evry sort of ebils taht trickses dos hu r diein, srsly. Dey dies becuz dey no luvs teh troof an so no can has cheezburgr.

Fore dis reesun Ceiling Cat sands dem catnip so dat dey wil beleeve teh lies

an' so dat awl wil be doomd hu has not beleevd teh troof but has delietd in takin bukkits.

Butt we awt alweyz to bes tankin Cieling Cat 4 joo, bruddrs luvd by teh Lawrds, becuz frum teh beginnin Ceiling Cat chosded joo to be saevs tru teh sanctfyn wurk of teh Hovr Cat an tru beleevin in teh troof.

He callded joo to dis tru ar gaspl, so 4 you to has sum of da glury of ar Lawrd Baby Jeebus Crist.

undefined

O hai gaiz, plz to be prayin fer us so teh massage of teh Pwnz0r is spreaded all quick-liek, juss liek it wuz wif u gaiz.

O, and pray dat we be devilered frum teh bad d00dz, cuz not everbuddy can has teh faith.

Dont wurry tho, teh Pwnz0r will purrtect u guyz frum Teh Rly Bad D00d.

We knowz dat ur doin wut we sez.  iz cool.

May teh Pwnz0r giev u d00dz teh Ceiling Cat's loev and teh Baby Jebuses' purrserverince and stuf.  srsly.

In teh naem of teh Pwnz0r Baby Jebus, we tellz u, d00dz, not to hang wif any d00dz who are teh lazy and dont do wut we told u to do.

Srsly, u gaiz gotz to do wut we duz.  We wernt lazy, we nevr ate nobuddy's cookiez wifout payin.  No wai, d00dz, we werkeded ALL TEH TIEM.  srsly.

Iz not liek we HAD to werk and stuf, we jus wanned to sho u guyz how iz doen.

Wen we wuz dere, we tolded u d00dz: "if u cant haz werk, u cant haz teh cookiez." (lol pwned)

We herd dat sum of ur d00dz wuz in ur town, eatin ur foodz wifout werkin.

To thoes d00dz: srsly, plz to go be errnin ur cookiez, k?

And to u udder d00dz, dont get tiered of bein rite and stuf.  srsly.

If anybuddy duznt lissen to us, dont tawk to him no moar and maek him feel liek teh los0r.

Dont maek him an emeny tho, cuz hez still ur bro.

May teh Pwnz0r of peese hisself giev u teh peese all teh tiemz.  Teh Pwnz0r be wif all u d00dz.

O hai, I'z Paul.  Dis lettr is ritten in mai handriting, wich is how u kno itz me.  Dis how I rite, d00dz.

undefined

O hai Timothy, dis is Paul. Ceiling Cat makeded me an apossel of teh Jebuz, srsly.

I iz riting you cuz ur lik mai reel kitteh. U can has grase n mercy n peece from Ceiling Cat n his kitteh teh Christ Jebus.

When I tooked mah invisible bicycle to Masedoneea, I asked u to be a gud kitteh n stai at Efesus n tel othr kittehs to stop speekin different ideas,

dat tehy not lissen 2 mifs or fambly trees dat go on n on n on.  Teh mifs n fambly treez makes teh kittehs fight n distractz dem from fayth in Ceiling Cat. Iz sayin u dat agin now.

But Iz not mad and u should no dat; iz cuz of luv an conscience an fayth.

Sum peeps talkin vain talk;

dey wanna teech da law but dey no unnerstan wut dey even sayin.

We knowz da law is good when cats followz it;

nobody makeded da law for rychus cats, dey makeded it for bad mean cats dat doesnt luv Ceiling Cat, dat killz momz n dadz n other cats,

n for cats dat lieks buttsecks 2 much,

accordin 2 da gospel of Ceiling Cat which got giveded 2 me.

Ceiling Cat FTW cuz he noez I r faythful n he makeded me his servant,

even tho I useded 2 say bad thingz n persekyute othr cats n stuff: he showed me I r doin it rong,

n now I'z ok.

Iz faythful n good 2 say dat Jebus came 2 da world 2 help us stop doin it rong. I useta be da worst of all,

but Christ Jebus gaveded me mercy n now Jebus showz evryone how much he sufferd, so they can has eternal life 2.

Dear Invisibl Ceiling Cat, u pwn; plz hav honor n glory 4ever kthxbai.

OK Timothy, now iz time 4 u 2 fite da good fite,

wif fayth n good conscience n stuff, srsly,

undefined

Srsly gaiz, I sez lawzt of goodz stuf shud befor evrywunz -->

evn for teh pwnrcatz n dare frenz, so we kin be liek evrytinz kewlzorzlawl.

N teh Ceiling Cat sez itb kewlz0rzlawl,

cuz hezliek gaiz, u ned to b kewl n no whddfxup.

Cuz derz won Ceiling Cat n hiz boikitteh, n tahtz geewhiz,

u no, teh gai wat sez "imma dy fr u now kthxbai!!!!"

So now iz liek, im heer lisn to meh n u getz all teh cheezbergrz EVAR. yeh wai!

Cuz u gaiz havn cheezbergrz wud rool if ur hapy.

N grrlz ned to not b slutz (liek kep der cookiez to derself LOL) o n don look liek teh slutz eeder,

so dey do kewlztuf for teh Ceiling Cat n act liek it.

Chix shud kep dare cheezkakez n dare bukkitz, xcep wen teh doodz wan teh cheez n teh kakez.

I dun wan chix taht sai OHAI --> I sez SHH B KWIET CHIK STFU!!! N GOWAI

Cuz teh Ceiling Cat makededed adum, DEN he makededed eev (lawlnoob) so adum pwnd4reel

O n eev gawt pwnzorz bai saiten so eev luv teh moufseckz lol.

undefined

Iz faythful 2 sai "sum cat wantz 2 be bishop, he wantz 2 do importnt thingz."

Bishopz should be good guyz, hav only 1 grrl, be clean n sober n be good teecherz n stuff;

dey shouldnt fite n dey shouldnt luv munny,

n dey should be good dadz

(cuz if dey cant taek care of a hous how can dey take care of Ceiling Cat's hous?)

n dey should be smrt n experyencd cuz othrwize dey might get tempted by Tacgnol.

Also othr cats should liek dem 4 da same reezun.

Iz also gud 4 deecunz 2 b srs guyz, not tell liez or liek wine or munny 2 much,

dey should hav a pure conscience n be faythful n stuff.

Let em show 1st "hey guyz I pwn" n den let em be deecunz.

Also grrlz shuld be srs and faythful in all things.

Deecunz should have only 1 grrl, n be good 2 their kittenz n housez.

If dey R good deecunz den ppl will giv dem mad propz, n dey will hav lots of fayth in Christ Jebus.

I tel u dis n I wanna come see u soon k?

But if I cant come for a wile its ok, cuz u no how kittiez should behave in Ceiling Cat's hous.

undefined

Ok so Ceiling Cat sez in da End Timez sum ppl will turn away from fayth by lissening to EEEEVIL SPIRTS n bad instrukshns

cuz bad kittehs wif bad consciences tells liez to dem.

Dese liarz sai "no can gets married!" an "no can has gushy fudz!" even tho Ceiling Cat makeded gushy fudz for evweewun.

Evrything Ceiling Cat makeded iz gud, an we can has any of it if we says "hi Ceiling Cat ur great kthx!!1!"

When we says that, we makes it holy.

If u tellz other kittehs about dis, dat makes u a good minister for Christ Jebus; ur fayth in his teechings is gud liek gushy fudz.

Dont lissen to dirty or dumb storiez about Ceiling Cat. U shuld practis devoshun,

cuz its ok to be strong, but devoshun iz better cuz den u wil hav life now an after u dy.

Its true, srsly!

We werk so hard 4 dis cuz we believe in Ceiling Cat. He gonna save everyone, speshully us cuz we believe.

Teech othr kittehs bout dis.

Dont let any1 talk smack bout u just cuz ur a kitten. B a gud exampl for othr kittehs, in speech n action n luv n fayth n purity.

I'll be dere soon, but til I get dere, keep reeding n teeching n talking 2 other kittehs.

Dont 4get da gift u has. It was giveded 2 u by gud kittehs.

Yu need tihnk bout tehse stuff wen yur awake.  Also when takin teh kitteh naps.  Alwayz!  Den when yu getz teh treatz, teh othah kittez will knowz yu wuz gud kitteh.

undefined

No yellin at teh older kittehz if they no heer yu. Treat liek Dadcat. Teh yungr tomkittehs,

treat themz liek they iz yur broz, and teh old laydi cats, treat liek yur muddrs, an yung gurlz liek ur sistrs, no funnee biznus.

Teh old laydi kittehs, yu halps dem wif teh groseries.

But if teh widow has kittehs, tel teh kittehs to halp her intsted. Famulies taek caer of each ohter: Ceiling Cat lieks dis.

Teh old kittehs who has no bebe kittehs, Celing Cat will halp her.

But not if she iz bad kitteh. Den she mite as wel be ded.

Maek shurz yu tel evry1 bout dis. Iz imprtint, srsly.

Any1z who not do dis, then Ceiling Cat iz mad. Shoot wif teh lazer eyes. Pew! Pew!

Teh old kittehz, they shud be gud,

taekin caer of teh yungr kittehs nd halpin kittehz who needz it.

Sum of teh yungr kittehs, who haz teh ded huzbnds, teh is not gud, they is not lisning 2 teh Ceiling Cat nd iz getin maryd agan.

Iz not gud. Ceiling Cat getz mad at teh kittehs liek dis.

Also, they iz maekin evry1 mad, startn teh fites nd sai bad ting bout teh otehr kittehs.

So teh yungr kittehs, they shud getz maryd, nd haz lotz of bebe kittehs. Tat wai they no cauz teh trubles

liek teh kittehz who followz teh Basement Cat.

If a laydi kitteh haz widowz in her hoems. She haz to taek caer of dem and kaep em to 'erself so dat teh church can taek care of teh widows hu srsly need halp.

teh eylderz shudz get dublez oner.

babbeh itz dus sai tu muzzles ma ouxs. srsly. [b]Teh kittehs desurv wagez.

Dun nut plai funnehz onz da kitteh inz da skie unles all da babeh kittehs haz sean it.

da kittehz thart awe baaad musht bwe useded as worningz in puplec.

Ai, inz teh siht of da celinz kitteh andz aul hies babehs to nout favorute onez kitteh.

Beh a puor kitteh.

Whiyne willz cuor all kittehz ilnusses.

Sinz of man kitteh is easie.

undefined

All who ar undr teh yok uf slavry shood considr theyr masters worthy uf ful respeck, so that Ceiling Cat's naem and our teeching may nawt bee slandrd, srsly.

Thoes who have beleeving masters ar nawt to show les respeck for them cuz dey ar brudders. Instead, they ar to serv them evun bettur, cuz thoes who benfit frum there survice ar beleevrs, and deer to dem. Dees ar teh tings you ar to teech an urg on dem.

If anywun teeches fals docktrins un does not agree to teh sownd instruktin uf owr Ceiling Cat Jesus Christ un to godlee teechin,

he is conseetd an understans nuhin. He has an unhelthy intres in contruversees and quarls abowt wurds dat resuwlt in envee, strif, malishus tawk, evul suspishuns

an constunt fricshun between cats uf currupt mind who haf ben robed uf teh trooth an who think that godlines is a means to get more cheezburgerz.

But godliness wif contenment is great gain. Srsly.

Fur we brot nuthing into dis wurld. an we can taek nuthin out uf it.

But if we has cookies an a coat of fur, we wil bee contentz wif dat.

Cats who wantz too many cheezburgerz faw intu timptashun an a trap an into miny fewlish an hawmfewl desiwes dat pwunj cats intu ruin an distructshun.

Fur de wub uf cheezburgerz is teh rewt uf awl keyndz uf evul. Sum cats, eegr fur cheezburgerz, hav wanderd frum teh faith and peerced demselvs wif many greefs.

But u fawlo Ceiling Cat so runz away! Dey hidez, but findz teh rite, godlines, faith, luv, enderens, and gentwlenes.

Fihwt da g00d fihwt of teh faith. U sayz you getz eeternal liwf n we allz here u, so holdz on or it getz away.

Rmembr Ceiling Cat who madez all tingz and watchz u, n Christ Jebus who pwnd Ponchus Pilot, cuz 4 dem I sez

do what Ceiling Cat seyz all time until Christ Jebus cumz back

cuz he'll do that when Ceiling Cat feelz lik it. Ceiling Cat who pwnz n haz teh most cheezburgerz,

who livz 4eva in teh brite lite no one seez n can't seez evn if haz cheezburger. We givez him cookies all time. Ahmen.

Charge dem dat r rich in dis wurld, dat dem be not high mindd, trust in da living Ceiling Cat, hoo giveth us richly things 2 enjoy;

Dat dem do gud, and be rich in gud werkz, ready 2 distribute, willing 2 speek;

Lay up in store 4 demselvez gud foundashun, dat dem cud lay hold on eternal life.

O Timothy, keep dat which iz committd 2 thy trust, avoiding profane an vain babblings

undefined

Paul, homie of Jeebus becuz Ceiling Cat sed so, talkin bout cheezburgers frum Jeebus,

O hai Timothy! Ur teh awesumz. Graysez, mercies, piece of cheezburgers frum Ceiling Cat and Jeebus, f'realz.

I sez to Ceiling Cat "KTHX!" cuz so didz mah ansesster kittehs n stuff,  and Im alwayz thinkin boutchoo night n' dai;

I'm all like "Whar you beez?" all sad n stuffz cuz I beez filled with feelingz of cheezburgerz if I seez u;

So like ur momz Eunice and ur grandmomz Lois? U gotz teh same fayth in teh Ceiling Cat as dey do. Like zogm f'realz.

And like if u putz on my pawz, u gotz teh samez power of teh Ceiling Cat as I doez. Er sumfing.

Cuz Ceiling Cat dun make us skurred; he give us powerz, lurves, kurrege, n cheezburgers dont forget those LOL.

O hay, don't beez all skurred n stuff fer beleafin in Ceiling Cat er me in mah litterbox. Totes partakez in teh rotten cheezburgers of teh Ceiling Cat's werdz cuz he's all like "CUZ I SED SO LOLZ!"

Ceiling Cat wuz like "o hay, u thar, I be callin u, yea u!" not becuz we do speshul tings,  but becuz he sed so wai b4 dere wuz kittehs or cheezburgers.

So Jeebus is rollin up in hurr and he be bringin cheezburgers 4evarz fer all kittehs.

So like cuz of all dis I'm gonna say sum tingz. U can call me Apossal! I teach teh Gentilez.

Sumtymz I goez without cheezburgers but is aight. Ceiling Cat got mah bak. Srsly.

Im sayin sound stuffz here, k? Jeebus agreez. Don't be hatin.

Don't give awai ur cheezeburgers. Jus in case Holey Ghosty over herr keep lookout on dem, k?

U kno dis! All demz kittehs in teh Asia be turnin thar baks. Dey be Phygellus and Hermogenes jus in cays u wan 2 kno.

I hopez Ceiling Cat b nice 2 litterbox o' Onsephorus! He wuz cool and reprezented.

Dis one tyme in Roam he lookt 4 me and wuz like "O hay!! I c u thar!"

undefined

Yu, mai sun, u b strongz in teh grayz in Jebus.

And stufs yu herd me sez wif lotz peeps 2 lisen, giv to gud cats and gud hoomans. Dey tellz otehrs.

B gud kittehs even if ther be no cheezburgers cuz Jebus sai so. Srsly.

Dun bofer wif fites of lil stufs – jus do wut Ceiling Cat sez.

If yu play gamez, yu only getz cookies if yuz play wif rulez.

Werk hrd an get furst cookie.

Fink bout dis lotz an TopCat halp lotz.

Dun furget Jebus, razed frum ded, gransun uv DavidCat.

Ai hav long dais n cage wif no cheezburger. But, werdz ov Ceiling Cat no in cage.

Ai b gud kitteh, so otehrs can hav grayz frum Jebus.

heeyer iz a fing dat iz trustwurvy 


undefined

Wit’ Ceiling Cat an Jeebus, whos be judging de liffin an de ded watchin us, an espektin Jeebus cumin an roolin, I sez dis to u.

Beez preechin; beez reddy all de tiem; beez naggin, pesterin an pushin – dontz be gettin mad, an be gud teechr, srsly.

Tiems iz cumin wen kittehs don’t lissen to Ceiling Cat’s teechin.  Dey getz udder teachers sais stuff dey lieks better.

Deys ignorin truut an bleevin stooped doggeh storeiz.

But U, U don freeks out, putz up wif bad stuffs, do ur wurk ov teechin’ bout Jeebus, do all ur wurkz

Iz not feelin so well, akshuly.  Iz thinkin tiem fer las trip to de vet.

Iz ben gud kitteh

Nao I getz cheezburgers ferever in heven, wen Jeebus givz dem to meh – an not just meh, but fer all kittehs who wants hims cheezburgers reel bad.

U tries to come visit meh, kthx,

cause Demas, he tinks der iz cheezburgers in Thessalonica, so he goed der.  Crescens goed to Galatia an Titus goed to Dalmatia.

Ony Luke stayed wit meh.  U getz Mark an brings him wit you heer, cuz he bees a hep in mai wurkz.

I sended Tychicus to Ephesus

Wen u cumz, brinz mai coat I leevz wit Carpus at Troas, an mai buks, specially de gud onez.

Alexander de foil-chewin kitteh was meen to meh.  Ceilin Cat will gets him fer dat.

U looks aot fer him, hez enamie uv our wurkz

Wen I furst goed to vet, nobuddy helpded me, all de kittehs rans awai.  I hops Ceiling Cat forgives dem

Jeebus wuz wit meh an givded meh strongness, so Iz cud preech lader an all de kittehs can heer.  I scaped de eevil doggehs

Jeebus saves meh frum de doggehs an brings meh save to Kingdum ov Heven.  Jeebus rocks!

U says “O Hai”fer me to Priscilla and Aquila and de kittehs who lives wit Onesiphorus.

Erastus iz still in Corinth, an I sneekded awai frum Trophimus wen he is at vet in Miletus.

Hury heer bfore it snowz. Eubulus sais “O hai” to you, an so do Pudens, Linus, Claudia an all de kittehs.

undefined

Oh hai, Paul workz for teh Ceiling Cat an is laik best matez wiv Baby Jesus, srsly, so tehre, kthxbye.

Laik ages ago, teh Ceiling Cat sed he canned live forevers, srsly.

An he sedded some gud stuffs, cos Ceiling Cat who is l33t, made him do it, but did not eated him.

Titus, you can has cheezburgrs plz?

U has been in teh Crete, doin gud stuffs an givin jobz to old kittehs in teh cities.

Gud pplz can has one wife plz? And their kidz better not be getting asbos or bein chavs, srsly.

Old pplz wiv tall hatz gotted to be gud, coz workin for teh Ceiling Cat. That meanz no catnipz, no fightin on teh garden fence, no scratchin other kittehs, an not pooin on teh monies, kthx.

But also gotted to be party pplz, still no catnipz tho LOL, an be kind an laikin teh good men (but no buttsecks!) and stuffs.

Sed stuffs laik "Ai gotted teh truth, srsly, so can all pplz believe mai now plz? kthxbye."

Coz lotz pplz sez all kindz of bad lyin stuffs, specially after trip to vetz for teh newteringz.

They sedded lies an bad stuffs just for teh monies, an should STFU! kthx

Even one of teh bad pplz tehre sedded alz Cretians are lying, bad puppehs, an slow. So tehre.

Ai is not lyin, srsly! Go get teh water pistol an shootz tehm!

That way they is listenin to truth of teh Ceiling Cat, not bad stuffz.

Gud pplz gotted gud minds, but bad pplz thinkz bad thoghts.

undefined

Say proper good stuffs,

Like old menz should stay off teh catnipz an be patient an other good stuffz

Old womnz too, should be gud, stay off teh catnipz an be sayin good stuffs

To teh young womnz, like stay off teh catnipz, an luv their husbandz an kidz. kthx.

Or not get caught, anywayz, so no bad secks, stay home and be doin wot husbandz say, otherwise Ceiling Cat wud be p1ssed off. Srsly.

Teh young menz, just stay off teh catnipz,k?

Oh, an be gud.

Oh an dont sez teh silly stuffs, so that other kittehs cant say LMAO k?

Oh an do what teh bosses sez an dont be cheeky,

An not steeling bukkits or cookies cos is white collar crime an this looks bad on Ceiling Cat, kthx?

Cos Ceiling Cat's pwr is savin us an everyone knows it, so tehre.

So dont do bad stuffs or has teh bad secks, and stay off teh catnipz for now

Cos then Baby Jesus might turn up on his invisible bike an bring cheezburgrs!

An you know he dedded for us, so we owez him, kthxbye.

undefined

Oh an case u forgetz, resepct teh pwrs that be, do good stuffz,

No lying, pwning or fightin on teh garden fence an stuffz.

Cos we wuz all silly, cheeky an enjoyin bad secks. Tehre wuz lotz of hating an pplz got pwned a lot.

But then Ceiling Cat came

An saveded us by peein teh Holy Spirit, maid fuzzyz wet, oh noes, do not want! An just cos he felt laik it, k?

Oh an Baby Jesus made lotz Holy Spirit come out, but did not eated it.

This meanz might live forevers tho, so not just wet furz for nothing.

So tehre. An keep saying it, so Ceiling Cat pplz has reason to keep doing gud stuffz. Which makes all teh pplz happeh, kthx.

No point arguing about all this, so wai bother?

Well, k, give shouty pplz 2 warnings, then say "Go away! Do not want!"

They prob bad pplz anyway. Srsly.

Oh an BTW, when Artemas or Tychicus get there, can u be coming to Nicopolis, cos ai is on ski-ing holiday. Kthx.

Oh an give Zenas teh lawyer an Appollos cookies an bukkits, an other helpful stuffs.

Pplz gotz to lern to do gud stuffz, srsly.

undefined

O hai Philemon, iz Paul n mai bro Timothy.

N hai 2 Apphia and Archippus. N 2 evrywun.

May Ceiling Cat gib u many Cheezburgerz.

I tol Ceiling Cat bout u wen I wuz prayin.

I biggid u up. Srsly.

I hopez ur faiths is goode becuz u sees teh goode stuffs we can maek fore teh Ceiling Cat.

Ur luff n 'currigment maeks me LOL, becuz teh hartz uf teh saynts is moar bettr, k mah brudder?

So u no I's not skared of makin u do stuff, rite?

But U shuld do teh stuffs becuz I (BTW: I iz Paul; I iz teh olde an i iz prizner for Christ) luffs u.

I iz does tihs becuz uf Onesimus, him iz liek mah kidz.

Him wuz teh n00b, but naow he haz teh uses and can does teh stuffs.

I sendz him--him mah hartz!--2 u naow, k?

I lieks him 2 b wif me, becuz he can do teh stuffs insted uf u becuz I iz prizner

but I duznt lieks do teh stuffs taht maeks u sez "Do not want!"

Idk, mebbe him iz gon so taht him can be bak l8r?

Ha! Hiz not ur slave, hiz liek teh brudder, kinda fore me and a lotz fore u, he iz srsly brudder and invisible brudder.

So u giv Onesimus cheezburgr. Fries too, laik u giv me, k?

Honest, I pay for cheezburgr.

Srlsy, I willz! I mean, u owe me rite?

Can has a bukkit of pepsy 2? Kthx.

I knoes taht u will does what i sez an moar. U rock!

BTW: I mite comes and lives wif u guys l8r.

Epaphras iz prizner too. He sez "Oh hai."

Mark, Aristarchus, Demas, and Luke sez "Oh hai."

undefined

Oh hai Joos!  In teh olden dais, ur olden dais kittehs speakd bout ur Ceiling Cat at bunchiz of tiemez in bunchiz of wayz,

But, in thees lahst caturdais Ceiling Cat haz speakd to u wif his Baby Jebus, hoo will haz all teh stuffs, n hoo haz helpd Ceiling Cat mak all teh stuffs,

n hoo iz holdin togethr all teh stuffs, cuz he's all liek, "Mah werd iz pwnage!"  Baby Jebus iz teh beemz from teh Celing Cat's flashliet, n iz teh spittin imij of teh Celing Cat.  He iz represtin!  He haz sit down wif Ceiling Cat in teh Ceiling Chair cuz he haz all done wif givin teh soapz for cleanin mah 3vilz and ur 3vilz.

So, he iz haz bettr n all teh anjulz liek his nayem iz haz bettr n all teh anjulz. He haz teh reputashun iz 999 exaltd in teh Ceilingz.

Cuz teh Ceiling Cat sez, "UR mah kitteh! srsly!"  Celeing Cat never telld dis to teh anjuls.  He only sez dis to his king kitteh on teh earthz, fer realz.

Furdermorz, when Ceiling Cat brungded his bestest to from teh Ceilings to teh urfz, hez all likes, "Yo anjulz!  Dis mah kitteh!  Yoos worship mah kitteh!  Thnx."

N wen Ceiling Cat takz bowt teh anjulz, he sez, "He maeks da anjulz speeritz n maeks da preests flaems of fier."

But 2 Jeezus he sez "Yu getz teh Ceiling Chair for eva and eva n u ken rool wit rite-ness.

An u luvz teh rite-ness n haetz teh 3vilz, so Ceiling Cat maed u da king ova all teh othr kittehs."

An he sez "U makeded teh heavenz n teh urfz wit ur own handz.

Dey will dai, but u wil not, an dey will gets old lyk a clothes.

Yu will fold dem up lyk a clothes n chaeng dem, but u will bee teh saem."

But Ceiling Cat nevr sed 2 da anjulz "U can sit nekst to me an all ur enameez will bee ur futstool."

undefined

Wee kittehs mus pai atenshun tah wat wee has hurdz so wee no dwiftz awai.

Fur if dah mesige sed by dem birdcats was bindin, an evawee invisible error reseeved its jus punishment,

how canz wee escaep if we no lisen tah dis gwate salvashun? Dis salvashun wich was firs anownced by dah Ceiling Cat, was cunfirmd tah us kittehs by dose kittehs hoo hurd him.

Ceiling Cat allso testifyed tah it by syns, wundrs and varius meerakles, and cheezburgahs of dah Hover Cat givn acordin tah himz will.

No iz tah birdcats dat Jebus haz maid da Urf tah come, bowt witch wee bee speeking of.

Butt der iz ah playce wear sumone haz testifeyed: "Watz da man dat yu bee minefull of, dee sun oh man dat yu caer fur himz?

Yu madz hims ah fiew furbaws lowah dan dem birdcats; yu cround himz wit da gloary an honah

an puh evewifin undah himz feet." Inn puhin evahwefin undah hims, dah Ceiling Cat lef nofing dat iz not lyeible tah himz. Yets aht da pwesent wee do nots see dat evahwefin iz lyeible tah himz.

Butt wee seez Jebus, hoo waz maid ah fiew furbaws lowah dan dem birdcats, naoh izd crouned wif da gloary an honah kaz him haz sufahed def, so dat by dah cheezburgahs of dah Ceiling Cat himz mites tastd def fuh al us kittehs!

Inn bwingen manee kittehs tah gloary, its watz fitin dat Ceiling Cat, who haz maids evahweefi, shuld purrfekt salfaeshun bie sufahwen.

Dee kittehs dat maek dem kittehs holey an dah kittehs dat arr maid holey  arr inz dah saem famawee. Soo Jebus no iz ashaimd tah call dem bwoatas.

Him sayzes, "Ai willz say my naim tah mi kittehs; en dah pwescense of dah kittehs ai wilz sing yuz prayzes."

An agan, "Ai willz puts my twast en hims." An agan himz says, "Hee am ai, an dah kittehs Ceiling Cat haz given tah mee."

Sinz dah kittehs haf furr n taylz, dey mae awso shware en beein kittehs so dat bi der defs dey mae destwoy dah Basement Cat hoo howdz dah powah of def

an fwee dah kittehs hoo arr en caiges bi der feerz of def.

Foe hims no hewps dah birdcats, buh Abraham's kittehs.

Caz of dis himz hads tah bee maid liek us kittehs en evahwee way, so dats hims may bee ah faiful kitteh tah Ceiling Cat, an dat himz mite atoan fur dee invisible errors of dah kittehs.

undefined

Mai kittehs, Ceiling Cat choose yu to be his choosded kittehs. so be thinken bout behbeh jebus, teh gai we be callin our mesenjer and main d00d.

Jebus was bestest freind to the rad Ceiling Cat so den I givez him powar, just liek I did wit moses, cuz he wuz one of mai kool and bestest d00dz.

But jebus should get tuns mor den moses, just liek teh makerz of duh litteh box getz mor honor den teh litteh box (cuz it would be reily weird teh udder way round).

Course all litteh boxz has gotz to be made by some d00d and Ceiling Cat is teh guy who did it, so dere. kthnxbye!

Moses was liek teh kitteh taht alwais com bak after yu put out teh food, and he towlds Ceiling Cat'z kittehs what wud be sed in teh forums in teh fewtur.

But jebus is teh birf of Ceiling Cat, and totely in charj of teh kittehs. srsly. And we bez dem kittehs if we keep bein not scardey cats and dont use teh carpet as litteh box.

It bez just as Hovar cat speakz, if yu heer Ceiling Cat'z meow in teh closit, don't be bad kitteh!

Don't trai to run cuz yu just hit teh mirrah liek all teh udder bad kittehs.

undefined

therefore, since teh promize ov enterin his rest still standz, let us be careful dat none ov u be findz 2 has fallen short ov it.

or we also has had teh gospel preachd 2 us, jus as they did; but teh mesage they herd wuz ov no value 2 them, cuz dose hoo herd did not combine it wif faith.[a]

Now we hoo has believd entr dat rest, jus as ceilin cat has sed, "so i declard on oath in mah angr, They shall nevr entr mah rest. "[b] an yet his werk has been finishd since teh creashun ov teh wurld.

for somewhere he has spoken bout teh seventh dai in thees werdz: "an on teh seventh dai ceilin cat restd frum all his werk."[c]

and again in da pasage aboov he sez, "they shall nevr entr mah rest."

it still remains dat sum will entr dat rest, an dose hoo formerly had teh gospel preachd 2 them did not go in, cuz ov their disobedience.

therefore ceilin cat again set certain dai, callin it todai, when long tiem latr he spoke thru david, as wuz sed before: "todai, if u hear his voice, do not harden ur hearts."[d]

for if Joshua had given them rest, ceilin cat wud not has spoken latr bout anothr dai.

There remains, den, sabbath-rest 4 da peeps ov ceilin cat;

for anyone hoo enters ceilin cats rest also rests frum his own werk, jus as ceilin cat did frum his.

Let us, therefore, mak evry effort 2 entr dat rest, so dat no wan will fall by followin their example ov disobedience.

For teh word ov ceilin cat iz livin an activ. Sharpr than any double-edgd sword, it penetratez even 2 dividin soul an spirit, joints an marrow; it judgez teh thoughts an attitudez ov teh hart.

Nothin in all creashun iz hidden frum ceilin cats sight. Evrythin iz uncoverd an laid bare before teh eyez ov him 2 whom we must giv akownt.

Therefore, since we has great high priest hoo has gone thru teh heavens,[e] Jesus teh son ov ceilin cat, let us hold firmly 2 teh faith we profes.

for we do not has high priest hoo iz unable 2 sympathize wif r weaknesez, but we has wan hoo has been temptd in evry wai, jus as we r - yet wuz without sin!

undefined

Every high priest iz selectd frum among doodz an iz appointd 2 represent them in matters relatd 2 ceilin cat, 2 offr gifts an sacrificez 4 sins.

He iz able 2 deal gently wif dose hoo r ignorant an r goin astray, since he him iz subject 2 weaknes.

This iz y he has 2 offr sacrificez 4 his own sins, as well as 4 da sins ov teh peeps.

No wan takez dis honor upon him; he must be calld by ceilin cat, jus as aaron wuz.

So christ also did not taek upon him teh glory ov becomin high priest. But ceilin cat sed 2 him, 
"u r mah son; 
Todai i has become ur fathr.[a]"[b]

And he sez in anothr place, 
"u r priest forevr, 
In da ordr ov melchizedek."[c]

Durin teh dais ov jebus life on earth, he offerd up prayers an petishuns wif loud criez an tears 2 teh wan hoo cud save him frum death, an he wuz herd cuz ov his reverent submishun.

Although he wuz son, he lernd obedience frum wut he sufferd

And, once made perfik, he became teh source ov eternal salvashun 4 all hoo obey him

And wuz designatd by ceilin cat 2 be high priest in da ordr ov melchizedek.

We has mutch 2 say bout dis, but it hard 2 explain cuz u r slow 2 lern.

In fact, though by dis tiem u ought 2 be teachers, u ned someone 2 teach u teh elementary truths ov ceilin cats werd all ovar again. U ned milk, not solid fud!

undefined

Therefore let us leef teh elementary teachings bout christ an go on 2 maturity, not layin again teh foundashun ov repentance frum acts dat lead 2 death,[a] an ov faith in ceilin cat,

Instrucshun bout baptisms, teh layin on ov hanz, teh resurrecshun ov teh ded, an eternal judgment.

And ceilin cat permittin, we will do so.

It impozbl fur dose inlytended, dat haz NOM NOMNOMed teh hebenly prezint, dat can has sum HovrCat,

dat haz NOM NOM NOMMIED teh w00t uv Ceiling Cat's werd n teh ppwerups uv da commin tiem,

if dose kittehs don keep bleevin n be all "Jebus?  No wais! IS A TRAP!!!1" no forgibnez for dem, cos dey killin Jebus all over again an make him Teh Lose.

Land dat drinx in da rane often fallin on it an dat producez crop useful 2 dose 4 whom it farmd receivez teh blesin ov ceilin cat.

Butt land dat producez thorns an thistlez iz worthles an iz in dangr ov bean cursd. In da end it will be burnd.

Even though we speek liek dis, dear frenz, we r confident ov bettr things in ur case - things dat accompany salvashun.

God iz not unjust; he will not forget ur werk an teh luv u has shown him as u has helpd his peeps an continue 2 halp them.

We wants each ov u 2 show dis same diligence 2 teh vry end, in ordr 2 mak ur hope sure.

We do not wants u 2 become lazy, but 2 imitate dose hoo thru faith an patience inherit wut has been promisd.

When ceilin cat made his promize 2 abraham, since thar wuz no wan greatr 4 him 2 swear by, he swore by him,

Sayin, "im gonna surely bles u an giv u lotz da descendants."[c]

And so aftr waitin patiently, abraham receivd wut wuz promisd.

Wen swear by someone greatr than themselvez, an teh oath confirms wut iz sed an puts an end 2 all argument.

Because ceilin cat wantd 2 mak teh unchangin nachur ov his purpose vry clear 2 teh heirs ov wut wuz promisd, he confirmd it wif an oath.

God did dis so dat, by 2 unchangeable things in which it imposible 4 ceilin cat 2 lie, we hoo has fld 2 taek hold ov teh hope offerd 2 us cud be greatly encouragd.

We has dis hope as an anchor 4 da soul, firm an secure. It enters teh innr sanctuary behind teh curtain,

undefined

Dis melchizedek wuz da king ov salem an priist ov da ceiling cat. Him said to abraham: "Oh hai, yu pwns dem other kingz. Yu can has cheezburgerz."

Therfoer abraham giev him ten presents ov da loot. Him name be king ov justiz. Him be king ov peece too.

Him has no dad an mum an kittehs. Him has no birtdai an liev forewer. His liek teh Son of Ceiling Cat. Him is priest for everah.

He iz teh bestest!! Even teh funder abraham giveh him tax.

Dem kitteh ov levi baking cookies an stuff, must take tax ov teh pepol, even demz brothers ar kittehs ov abraham.

But melchizedek iznt one ov dem. Him take tax and giev cheeseburger to abraham as promissing.

Cheeseburger iz better tehn monny.

Taking monney and die iz stupid. But liev iz best a lot.

See! Becaus ov abraham iz paid tax, levi also iz taxed.

Him wuz in him dad when him meet melchizedek.

If teh perfects cud hav bin gotted froo teh levitical priist (iff teh rulez wuz gived to teh kittehz an stuffs), why need udder priist?—one of dem melchizedek, not teh stoopedz Aarons.

Wen der iz noo priist, we needz to chainj teh rulez. srsly.

Dis udder gai is frum udder trieb, an we dusnt liek dat trieb.

"Cuz Ceilin Cat caem frum sky. duh." moses dint say nofin bowt dem udder priists an triebs.

It maek moar cents wunce we gets anudder melchizedek.

Melchizedek r gud an not old, dem r good.

Iz sed:"Ur a priist forevur, a melchizedek."

Teh former rulez r gon cuz dem r stoopidz.

(cuz rulez is fur dummys, srsly) an a bettur hoep wuz heer, an we r closur to Ceilin Cat.

an it wuznt wifowt oaf! Sum wer priists wifowt oafs.

But him becaem priist wen Ceilin Cat sed: "I sed so an Iz not kiddin: 'Ur a priist forevur.' "

Becuz of dis oaf, Jebus iz gunna be gud.

Nao der r lotz of priists, cence dem r diein an dem get replaeced;

But Jebus is envincebul, him r priist forevur.

Derfor him can savez everywun forevurs, cuz he iz always helpin dem.

We needz a gud priist liek dat—wun hoo r good an stuffs.

He dun need to sacrefyse mices eech dai for teh Invisible Errors ov him and teh peopls becuz him dyed fur dat or somefin.

undefined

The point ov wut we r sayin iz dis: we do has such high priest, hoo sat down at teh rite hand ov teh throne ov teh majesty in heaven,

And hoo servez in da sanctuary, teh true tabernacle set up by teh lord, not by man.

Every high priest iz appointd 2 offr both gifts an sacrificez, an so it wuz necesary 4 dis wan also 2 has somethin 2 offr.

If he wuz on earth, he wud not be priest, 4 thar r already doodz hoo offr teh gifts prescribd by teh law.

They serve at sanctuary dat iz copy an shadow ov wut iz in heaven. Dis ar teh y mosez wuz warnd when he wuz bout 2 build teh tabernacle: "c 2 it dat u mak evrythin accordin 2 teh pattern shown u on teh mountain."[a]

Butt teh ministry jebus has receivd iz as superior 2 theirs as teh covenant ov which he iz mediator iz superior 2 teh old wan, an it foundd on bettr promisez.

For if thar had been nothin wrong wid dat furst covenant, no place wud has been sought 4 anothr.

Butt ceilin cat findz fault wif teh peeps an sed[b]: 
"teh tiem iz comin, declarez teh lord, 
When im gonna mak new covenant 
Wif teh houz ov israel 
An wif teh houz ov judah.

It will not be liek teh covenant 
I made wif their forefathers 
When i took them by teh hand 
2 lead them out ov egypt, 
Cuz they did not remain faithful 2 mah covenant, 
An i turnd away frum them, declarez teh lord.

This iz teh covenant im gonna mak wif teh houz ov israel 
Aftr dat tiem, declarez teh lord. 
Im gonna put mah laws in their mindz 
An rite them on their hearts. 
Im gonna be their ceilin cat, 
An they will be mah peeps.

No longr will man teach his neighbor, 
Or man his brothr, sayin, knoe teh lord, 
Cuz they will all knoe me, 
Frum teh least ov them 2 teh greatest.

For im gonna forgiv their wickednes 
An will remembr their sins no moar."[c]

undefined

Da rulz is only beta of da cool fings to coem - not release vershun.  So da kittehs dat onlee give da sakrificez kant b perfect.

If dey wer, dey cud haf stopped wif de sacrificing.  Cause dey wud have had bafs and not been guilty no morz.

But da sacrifice sez u still bad kitteh,

cuz blud kant makes u kleen.

So when Jeebus come, him sez,


undefined

undefined

Furst him sez, "Sakrificez and gifts, burnded ofrings n sin ofrings no makes u happi" (But da rulz sez u must has dem).

Den him sez, "I'z here, I do wut u sez." He pwns 1st to make 2th.

An so we iz holee bcuz Jeebus giv last sacrifice. Srsly.

Evreh day, da priests do dem jobs; ober and ober him give offering, dat no remoofs Invisible Error.

But wen dis priest offered for all timez oen sacrifice for da Invisible Error, him sat at rite of Ceiling Cat.

Since den, him waiten 4 him ennemeez to be him feet rest,

bcuz bai him sacrifice, everyone bein made holee iz holee foreverz. Srsly.

Hover Cat sez to. furst him sez:

Ceiling Cat promizes aftr dat iz puttin mah rulz in dey hrbl and they chezebrgr.

Den him sez, "Srsly, Iz gona be furgeted al dem chezburgrz dey eatd bfor"

Wen dez be furgeted, u iznt gona haz to gived Celing Cat tey sakrificez wen uz bad kitteh.

K bros, snce we got dem confidnce go to Ceiling by Jeebus blod

Wez geted neu way thru him harbl

Since we has grate preest at Ceiling Cat hous

Get close to Celing Cat after taked baff

We has to alwayz be faithfol to teh  Ceiling Cat. Srsly.

And we has to think aboot give other kittehs Cheezburgrz.

We has to has teh meeting, even tho some kittehs DON"T LIKE. U has to tell dem to go to teh meeting. U has to do dis even mor latr.

If wez keep on wit teh Invisible Errorz aftur we gets truf, no sakrifiz for Invisible Errorz or cheezburgerz for you,

but only getting pwned and pwned and getting burned for teh enimez of teh Ceiling Cat.

nE1 who no lieks the law of Moses died on teh testimonez of 2 r 3 kittehs,

How much more do u think a kitteh getz pwned who disses teh Happy Cat undr pawz, whos treated no gud the blud of teh Covnant that sanktified him and who haz insalted da HovrCat?

For we noe him who sez "I will pwns and pwns, srsly' and "Teh Lord will judj hiz pplz".

Iz no gud thing to get pwned by teh Ceiling Cat. kthxbi

undefined

undefined

Fayth be liek da real stuffs underz da stffs ur hopin for and da proofs of stuf u cant seez  (evn us kittehs and we seez in teh dark).

Thats wut teh old peeps sais, srsly.

Wif fayth we shud unde-unda-kno dat ceiling cat maded teh things so us can seez the things to seez.

By fayth Abel offerd ceiling cat better than Cain (srsly Cain, no want veggies!)  Ceiling cat gived Abel cheezburger an maded him ritechuss manz cuz he has teh better offer, srsly.  Now he can stil speek tho he iz dead (ben daed long tiem ago).

Bi fayth Enoch-cat waz takens ups so him would n0t get wet, n "him ws fuond no' mo' cause ceiling cat had taken him." B4 him waz taked upz it waz sed to haev made ceiling cat happeez likz catnip.

bt wit 0ut any fayths it gonna b impsaBBle to give his catnipz. 4 Any 1 w0h aprochez ceiling cat m0ust has cheezeburgers and gives him catnipz

Bi da fayth and flavorz of n0ah, warnedned waht was not gon b yet seed, builded an arks 4 his famuhlee so they cud liv. Thr3w dis he condom'd da earthz and inhairted the ritechussness that comez thruz fayth.

undefined

undefined

undefined

undefined

undefined

undefined

undefined

undefined

undefined

Abrahamb, be promised dat his won n ownleh kitteh Izac will has more babie kittehs (n secks).

Abrahamb wuz willin 2 give up Izac as teh test frm Ceiling Cat,

cuz he wuz thinkin Ceiling Cat cud breeng his Izac bak 2 lyfe, srsly.

Bai faif, Izac blessd Jakub n Esaw n stuffs.

Wen Jakub wuz abowt 2 dai (o noes!!1!), he leenz on his kruchez n said Hai! to Ceiling Cat, den gav cheezbrgrs n stuffs 2 Joseph's kittehs.

Wen he almost dai, he knew Ceiling Cat cud help getz teh kittehs outta Ejipt, n told teh kittehs 2 take his bones, srsly.

Bai faif Mozes' motheh and fatheh catz hid him for 3 months, cuz Mozes wuz OMG CUTE!!1! n dey wur not fraid 2 says FFFFFUUUUUUU 2 King Catz.

Wen Mozes become grown up kitteh, his faif not make him known as Faro'z grandkitteh, LOL WUT.

Mozes wantd 2 not hav cheezbrgrs n stuffs in teh palace (liek OMG WUZ HE CRZY?!!1!?) n b wit teh normul kittehs.

Teh cheezbrgrs n c00kies n stuffs in Ejipt wuz not az good az what iz in teh ceiling wif Happy Cat (now DAT'Z sum GUD cheezbrgrs n stuffs!).

Bai faif, Mozes left Ejipt. Mozes see invizibl Ceiling Cat n not scurred ov teh King Catz.

Bai faif, he doez Pazzovr. Mozes pourz ainmal blood on doorz, so killr angel wud be liek "eww" n not kill teh kittenz (WTF?! I thot angels wer nice n stuffs!).

Bai faif, teh kittehz walk thru dry land on Red Sea, cuz kittehz dun like water. Ejipt kittehz try walk thru, but dey drown. PWNED!

Kittehz ov Ceiling Cat has faif, n wen dey walk in Jeriko for a week, teh wallz fell down (dey suck @ makin wallz LOLOL).

undefined

K, we has lots of othar kittehs to halp us liv gud, so dont be lettin ur sinz wai u down, kthx. Ceiling Cat haz uh race, he wunts to show u it. U gots to run teh race fur him.

When u runnin ur race, be lookin at Jebus--hes teh champion!!!!1! He halp u. Srsly. He dide on teh cross, he pwn shame, n now he livs wit Ceiling Cat.

Member all teh meen stufz dat hapen to him, n he still pwn evryting, k? So dont giv ups!

Cuz u not givn in 2 sinz, no wai!!!!1!

Didz u furgetted alredy?! Ceiling Cat sez,
"O hai, u taeks mah disipplens srsly, k?
Dont giv ups if Ah taek ur cheezburger from u.

Cuz I only disipplens kittehs Ah luv,
N Ah thinks of u as mah litl kitten lolz."

So member teh Ceiling Cat treets u liek his very own kittns. Who evr heerd of kittn not gettin disipplens frum teh daddee or mommee kitteh?

If Ceiling Cat givs u no disipplens, dat meens u not his kidz.

Just liek we respck our kitteh parents, n do wat dey sez, we shud lissen to Ceiling Cat, so weez can liv wit him furever!!!1!

Cuz our kitteh momms and dadees onlie disiplens us for a few yrs, but Ceiling Cat givs us a disipplen whenevr we needz it, so we can has holyness liek he gots.

Disipplen is no funz, srsly. DO NOT WANT. But when we has a disipplen, we has a better lief after! Woa!!

undefined

Kittehs better act niec to other kittehs an luv eech other an stuf.

Giv other kittehs fudz (cheezburgers ar preefured) and plaec to sleep if dey needz it. Sum kittehs has even halp sum birdcats and dey dont knows it! Woa!

If other kittehs be in cages at teh pound, treet dem like uz in dere wit dem. If other kittehs has been hurted, treet dem likz its u dat been hurted.

If u has a huzbnd or a wifey, dont be havin the CAWK GOES WHERE?! wit other kittehs. Ceiling Cat dont lieks dat, kthx.

Dont be greedy kittehs, cuz u gotta be happys wid ur stuf and real content. Srsly, dont wurrie bout gettin ur cheezburgers n stuf. Ceiling Cat sayin, "Be coolz, I gots ur back. I nevr leeve yu! Srsly." So we can meow deez words:

Ceilng Cat be dere, he gots my bak,
I isnt skeered.
Whoz or whats can pwn me?!

Dont furget da smrt kittehs who teached u da wurds of Ceiling Cat. Dey has gud behavyurs, so dont u furgets dat and u tries real hard to be guds liek dem too.

Happycat, he dont be changin. Not yesturdy, 2day, or CATURDAY!

So dont gits a crazee ideas or annytin. Ur powrs coms frum Ceiling Cat luvin u, not frum cheezburgers, cuz evn tho dey be tastee, dey iznt helpin u (bleeve it or not).

Long tiems ago, Ceiling Cat maed sum crazee rulz bout preest kittehs havin to sacreefyce cheezburgers, so kittehz cud b furgivn for dere sinz an stuf.

Deez preest kittehs wud hav to burn up teh cheezburgers (oh noes! wat a wastes!).

But den, Jebus, he sacreefyceds himselfs insted of da cheezburgers, an ur sins (pwnsing other kittehs, drinkin frum da toylet, makin ur frindz a cooky but eetin it, and stufz liek dat) wuz furgivn furevr!!!!1!

So b sur to be hangin out wit Happycat and luvs him fur wat he did.

Cuz member dat tho dis wurld be havin cheezburgers and cookies and pies and napz and cuddlez and other gud tingz, iz not ur real houz. Weez kittehz gonna hav a real houz wit Ceiling Cat one dayz. (Iz gonna be a sweet houz. Srsly.)

Okays den. Kittehs, u keeps praysin da Ceiling Cat, and tells othar kittehs u frindz wit him.

Dont furget! U gotta do niec tings fur othar kittehs, and share ur cheezburgers and stufz wit kittehz who have nun. Dis maeks Ceiling Cat real happys.

Do wat da smrt kittehs tell u, cauz dey know wat Ceiling Cat wants, an dey wachin out fur u guyz. But dont be makin smrt kittehz feel sad bout u, cuz dats meen.

I can has prayrz fur me n mai frindz? Cuz we WANT to do gud stufz,

and wants be comin to ur houz reel soon, kthx. I misses u guyz!!!!

Ok so hopezfully u has teh peece of da Ceiling Cat,
Who raized Happycat up frum teh ded (woa!!),
our big Shepherd, cuz we b sheep lolz,
An he maded a deel wit us to luv us and we luv hims bak--

An Happycat wil helps u do
wat he sayz u shud,
An he wil maeks gud tings
Happin insieds u, 
Thru his ginormus pwrs. 
Happycat is de BEST furevrs and stuf, yayz!!!!

So fur reel, guyz, lissen to all dis stufz I sayz. Srsly.

Oh hay, did u know? Timothlee been letted go frum da pound! If he b comin to visits me, Iz breeng him to see u.

Say "hai" to a da kittehz ovar dere were u is. Sum kittehs frum Italee says, o hai.

undefined

James wuz a cool guy and he leiked Ceiling Cat and Jebus.

And James said iz cool if we can has no cheezburgers or cookies,

bcuz that makes us pwn more better.

Dat makes us growed up kittehs.

So leik dat was a little confusing mebe so you can ask Ceiling Cat for the FAQ.

But don't ask anyone else cuz dey wont have the most recent FAQ vershun.  Only Ceiling Cat, k?

But Ceiling Cat is reelly buzy sometimes so u cant has cheezberger for sure.  But sometimes u can.

And don't be a spaz about it.

And, really, if you can't has cheezburger all the time I tink dats pretty cool.

Cuz sum dudes has cheezberger leik every second and dats not so cool but its k cuz they gonna die.

And leik, dey can have a billion cheezbergers but den they die anyway so who cares?

But if ur not all whiny and stuff bout cheezberger you can has powerups from the Ceiling Cat.

But leik dont be all jealous of the Ceiling Cat cuz that'd make him look bad and he's cool.

But it happesn a lot so pay attention, k?

Cuz when it happens ur gonna want cheezbergers like times 10,000 and den ur gonna die just wanting more cheezbergers.

So dont do dat, k?

Oh and everting good that will ever happen to you is because of the Ceiling Cat.  Now u see why I like him, lol.

And he wrote that FAQ for us so we should thank him and stuff.

STFU when Ceiling Cat is talking.   Also chill out, no TKs.

Cuz Ceiling Cat NOT WANT yu be mad.

And stop DL so much porn.

But make sure yu unnerstand the FAQ before yu start playing around.

But dont just read the FAQ, do sum of the examples too cuz dey helpful. Peepuls who not do that is stupid.

And leik, dont think ur all hot soup cuz you just read the FAQ.

So leik, make sure you do the stuff right.  Don't just talk about it, k?

Nobdy who follows teh Ceiling Cat can say bad things. Is not gud. Celing cat shoot you with lazer eyes. Srsly.

undefined

Hay guys Ceiling Cat doeznt like us makin favrits.

If a cat comes an haz liek a cookie an other cat only has veggiez

Dont sayz to cookie cat "Hay ur ma favrit lol" and to veggie cat liek "U haz veggie soz I don't like u."

That means u is judgin an thatz bad k?

Ceiling Cat totally sed cats with no cheezburger on urth haz lots of cheezburgers in ceiling if they luv Ceiling Cat.

But u iz mean to cat wit no cheezburger. Cats wit cheezburger and cookie is the onez who are liek mean to u.

Thay dont like Ceiling Cat and so they iz the bad ones k?

If u luvz other kitteh as much as u luvz urself, thats good.

But if u iz like "I like this kitteh moar than that kitteh" u iz breakin' the ruls.

Even if u iz like good most of teh times, but one time is like "oh noes, I brake a rule" then itz like u brake all the rulz.

Ceiling Cat sed "Dont liek hurt each other k" but also "Dont take each otherz cookie k". So if u iz liek "Im in ur kitchn takn ur cookiez" but doesnt hurt other kitteh, uz is still brakin' rulz.

So do wat tha ruls say

cos Ceiling Cat will b rly hard on cat who haz been mean to other kitteh. Luv winz.

Its no use if cat is liek "Hay Ceiling Cat I believe u is in mah ceiling" but cat dusnt do good things. Kittehs belief iznt gonna halp. Srsly.

If ur friend is teh hungriez

and u is like "I want you to eat" but iz not giving him a cheezburger, u r useless.

So liek thinking Ceiling Cat iz in ceiling is useless if u r not halping other kittehs.

U can show u think Ceiling Cat is in ur ceiling by being good kitteh.

Just believing iz no gud. Even Basement Cat is like "O hi Ceiling Cat, how iz ur ceiling today?"

Silly kittah, u want proof?

Wusnt ur gret gret gret granddad Abraham gud when he was like "ok Ceiling Cat, I will like kill mah son for u if u is sayin' so".

Wut he did proofed he wuz like "Oh hi Ceiling Cat, u is ttly in mah ceiling."

So what waz sed was true and Abraham wuz liek Ceiling Cat's bff.

Now is u undrstnd?

Wasnt even Rahab (who was liek "oh hi there. I willz be ur friend for cookiez") a gud kitteh when she ttly halped those spy d00dz?

undefined

Dont call urself taechr if yu not is a taechr cuz Ceiling Cat will be piszed off @ u, k?

We all skrew up in meny wayz. If any1 iz not skrewz up, he iz teh winrar n getz 2 keep all da cheezburgerz.

Wit 1 of da catnips we ken pwn teh whole cat.

Even rele rele big catz.

So ur mouf iz like teh catnip.

N teh catnip iz liek fier, n sets teh fiers of evul. It maeks teh good cat into teh bad cat, it sets teh cat on fier n maeks teh problums.

All kindz a aminulz r bein told wut 2 do by menz.

But stil not contrl mouf, mouf haz teh poizon dat will pwn u.

We ken give teh catnip 2 Ceiling Cat, or we ken use it 2 curse teh otehrs who r made by teh Ceiling Cat.

Out of same cat comez catnip n a haerball.

Ken both cookie n cheezburger come frum same plaec?

Not.

Who r teh smart 1z among u? Let em show it by all dere humbel chezburgerz.

But if u r jeluz of other d00ds cheezburgers, dont tell any1.

Dis kind of "smart" iz not frum da Ceiling Cat, but frum teh urth.

Wen u r jeluz of other d00ds cheezburgerz, u wil lose all ur cheezburgerz.

Teh smart dat comez from Ceiling Cat luvz it wen all catz r kewl wit each othr n evrybdy lisN 2 each othr n evry bdy shaer cookiez.

undefined

Why ppl git mad @ eachothr n stuff?

U want cheezburgerz, but no has. U pwn, but no has. U do not has bcuz u no ask Ceiling Cat, remembre?

When u ask, u do not has, bcuz wen u ask 4 cheezburgers u rele want teh cheezburgers for yu nd not for teh sharing and gud things. WTFXUP?

U catz dat have teh secks wit catz u isnt maried 2. U cant be all BFF wit teh world cuz taht is liek hate to teh Ceiling Cat n he haets yu back.

Y u tink teh FAQ sez Ceiling Cat rele no want yu to haev the otehr Ceiling Cats?

But he gievs us moar cheezburgers n sez:


Listn 2 Ceiling Cat, K? Tel Basement Cat KTHXBAI.

Ceiling Cat want yu to be gud. Clean teh ears and maek sure yu not haev bad thots.

Iz ok to be sad.

But yu shud not be sad long cuz Celing Cat will maek yu LOL. But only if yu is not stuck-upz.

But srsly guyz, dnt talk bad abt ohter catz behnd their baks, cuz u r practickly talkn smak bout the FAQ and Ceiling Cat not want.

Iz only 1 Juge n he ken either give u moar cheezburgerz or taek em away. Its not ur job, so mind yur own beezwax.

LisN up. Speshully u guyz whos liek, "I has gonna do dis n dat, n has lots cheezburgerz."

U dont even no wuts up 4 2moarrow. U r liek a cookie dat appaerz 4 a while an den disapaerz, n nobdy rememberz wut flavr it wuz.

Insted u shud be saien, "I has cheezburgerz if it is wut Ceiling Cat want."

Braggin iz evul.

undefined

Nao lisN up u peepul wit lots a cheezburgerz. U is going to be sad.

Der iz mold n nasti stuf all ovr ur cheezburgerz LOL.

Dis iz cuz u put all ur cheezburgerz in ur fridge n nevr eat em or giev m 2 othr peepz.

U haev otehr cats wruk 4 u nd u no pay them. Ceiling Cat is mad nao.

Yu get fat on teh cheezbrgers but Ceiling Cat will hit yu wit teh lazer eyes.

Teh wurst part iz yu did this 2 peepul who did nthing 2 yu!

Chill kittehs, Ceiling Cat iz coming. See how teh LOLrus wait for teh bukkit?

Be payshunt nd wait 4 teh Ceiling Cat, he brings yu teh cheezburgers soon.

No fighting whiel yu waitz, or Ceiling Cat bringz teh lazer eyes. Teh Lazer Eyer is almost here!

Be payshunt liek teh old kittehs who said teh FAQ.

Teh kittehs who wait teh longest get moar cheezburgers. Srsly. Liek wit Job, Ceiling Cat brings teh gud after teh bad if yu waits.

Iz impaortant teh kittehs not swear. No sayin, "i promisez yu by teh cheezburger." Maek ur yes mean yes nd no mean no. Iz simpul.

Ne1 has problums? Prey 2 teh Ceiling Cat. Iz yu happy? Den yu shud sing!

Yu has teh sick? Maek other ppls prey lots. Oilz wuld be gud 2.

Teh prayr of teh peepuls maek sick ppl better; Ceiling Cat will fiks all them. They maek invisibul errer? Ceiling Cat will maek it better.

So tell teh otehrs wen yu do somthing bad, nd maek shur evry1 preys so yu get better. Teh prayr of a good kitteh wurks lots!

Elikhat wuz jus liek us. He prey that it not raen, and no raen for long tiem.

Then he prayd moar, nd teh ceiling raended, nd teh plants growed.

Felluw kittehs, if sum1 not lisn 2 teh Ceiling Cat, nd then yer friend tells him to lisn so he does,

undefined

Peter, who leiked to hang wit teh Jeebus, To teh ppls who leik Jeebus in a bunch of places,

Hope u has peace and no lions, lol.

Jeebus’ dad, Ceiling Cat, is win, cauze he gave us Jeebus and made him a zombie,

and will let us has chzburgurs and cookies wit him latr,

if u leik him.

Don’t run out of happy cuz some stuff is teh sux,

cookies and chzburgurs r better than gold,

and tho Ceiling Cat is leik invisible bike,

u can has them if u leik Jeebus and believe in Ceiling Cat.

Of teh chzburgurs and cookies many ppls said “srsly, y u do this?”

and “when can i has chzburgurz and cookies?”

Ceiling Cat said “have hugs teim wit ppls cuz i said so.”

"leik Jeebus."

"and don’t b a n00b."

U must have win to be wit the Jeebus,

it’s written “be win, cuz I’m win.”

If u ask stuff of Ceiling Cat, who sees wut u did there and knoes if it is win or fail,

u r able to go has cookies and chzburgurz not cuz of gold

knoes that u r win cuz Jeebus bleeded.

Jeebus had an I win button 4 us

who leik him and Ceiling Cat.

Cuz u leik Jeebus and Ceiling Cat,

u r tiny kittn and ur full of win

cuz


undefined

So, by stopping being basement n00b

weir leik tiny kittns, hngry for chzburgrs, that can grow

if we knoes that Ceiling Cat is win.

Come to Jeebus, tho doodz sez yu fail, cuz Ceiling Cat thinks ur special

and makes yuo win so u can gives Ceiling Cat cool stuff thru Jeebus.

It saiz
“look, i’m in ur base
And I pwn
And he who leiks Ceiling Cat wins”

To yu who leik Ceiling Cat, u haff eers, but forz yu who haff no eers and can’t hear him
“you fail

and are teh sux.”

But Ceiling Cat leiks u lots, so you cans tell him "you pwn", cuas he meows for yu from teh basement to da ceiling,

and u can has cookies.

Don’t be liek "its my haus, i can has basement catnip", that make u has haerballz

but b good, so d00dz who flaem u will say Ceiling Cat equals win.

So for Jeebus sake, obey roolz

even if teh mods awr bad

cuz this Ceiling Cat does want, dat yu pwn trolls,

cuz youer teh paws of Ceiling Cat.

Has hugs teim wit every1 and listen to Ceiling Cat.

Listen to ppl who are less n00b than u

cuz this is good, if sum1 steals ur bukkit and u r sad but don’t hurt the one who took ur bukkit.

If u sux an kittehs claws u, iz dat win? If u makes cookies n get pwned, but be nice, Ceiling Cat appoofs of this.

U do this cuz Jeebus did it.

He never goed "I made you a cookie but I eated it."

and Jeebus was always nice to teh ppls.

And we can have cheezburgurz and were healed by teh powr of Jeebus.

undefined

Teh ladiez should listen to their huzbanz, cuz if teh gai messes up, his wiv is leik is ok I has it, n leave teh basement

when they see whut u did there.

Don’t have win on just the outside,

let it be win on the inside to Ceiling Cat.

Cuz it was leik this a long tiem ago

when Sarah listened to Abraham and u can b leik her.

Huzbanz, be good to your wiv, cuz Ceiling Cat leiks this, so he not ignoer ur meowz.

K, and has hugs tiem wit every1

and give cookies and chzbururz to ppl who steal ur bukkit so Ceiling Cat gives u cookies and chzburgurz.

Cuz
“he who has cookie, and chzburgurz and win."

Let him say do not want to fail and spread win

cuz Ceiling Cat sees wut u did there and leiks it, but sez do not want fail”

And who will steal ur bukkit if u leik Ceiling Cat?

But even if some stuff is teh sux, u can has chzburgurz from Ceiling Cat.

Make sure that if ppl r leik wtf? U tell them bout Ceiling Cat

and remember Ceiling Cat gives u cookies and chzburgurz if they r like “lol, o rly? U sux.”

But its better to b told u sux and leik Ceiling Cat, cuz he has chzburgurz and win.

Jeebus was once in the same spot, srsly,

but he went and sed “hai, Ceiling Cat pwns” to prizners

who were leik the ppl who weren’t cool leik Noah and teh ppl on his boat.

Teh water of baptizim saves us and gives us chance for chzburgurz thru Jeebus

undefined

There4, since christ sufferd in his body, arm yourselvez also wif teh same attitude, cuz he hoo has sufferd in his body iz dun wif sin.

as result, he doez not liv teh rest ov his earthly life 4 evil hooman desirez, but rathr 4 da will ov ceilin cat.

4 u has spent enough tiem in da past doin wut paganz choose 2 do - livin in debauchery, lust, drunkennes, orgiez, carousin an detestable idolatry.

They finkz it strange dat u do not plunge wif them into teh same flood ov disipashun, an they heap abuse on u.

Butt they will has 2 giv akownt 2 him hoo iz ready 2 judge teh livin an teh ded.

For dis ar teh teh reason teh gospel wuz preachd even 2 dose hoo r nao ded, so dat they mite be judgd accordin 2 doodz in regard 2 teh body, but liv accordin 2 ceilin cat in regard 2 teh spirit.

The end ov all things iz near. Therefore be clear mindd an self-controlld so dat u can pray.

Aboov all, luv each othr deeply, cuz luv covers ovar multitude ov sins.

Offr hospitality 2 wan anothr without grumblin.

Each wan shud use whatevr gift he has receivd 2 serve others, faithfully administerin ceilin cats grace in itz various forms.

If anyone speakz, he shud do it as wan speakin teh vry werdz ov ceilin cat. If anyone servez, he shud do it wif teh strength ceilin cat providez, so dat in all things ceilin cat cud be praisd thru jebus christ. 2 him be teh glory an teh powr 4 evr an evr. Amen.

Dear frenz, do not be surprisd at teh painful trial u r sufferin, as though somethin strange wuz happenin 2 u.

Butt rejoice dat u participate in da sufferings ov christ, so dat u cud be overjoyd when his glory iz reveald.

If u r insultd cuz ov teh naym ov christ, u r blesd, 4 da spirit ov glory an ov ceilin cat rests on u.

If u suffr, it shud not be as murderr or thief or any othr kind ov criminal, or even as meddlr.

Butt, if u suffr as christian, do not be ashamd, but praize ceilin cat dat u bear dat naym.

For it tiem 4 judgment 2 begin wif teh pplz ov ceilin cat; an if it begins wif us, wut will teh outcome be 4 dose hoo do not obey teh gospel ov ceilin cat?

And, 
"if it hard 4 da righteous 2 be savd, 
Wut will become ov teh ungodly an teh sinnr?"[a]

undefined

Soez ai taeks teh old kittehs wif yoos, an as an old kitteh meselfs an havins sawed dah suffrins of Jebus, an I shall alsoes has glory:

shepard teh flocks taht iz wif yu, axercise balls lickin, not unner cumpulshuns, but willingly, as Ceiling Cat would has yew; not for shamefulls gain, but eagerly;

not balls lickin in front uf yoos flcks, but bees examples toos teh flock.

An wen teh cheef Shepard apeers, yu will has a shiney, noow crown of happehs.

Kittuns mus obay teh old kittehs. No lick harballs in publick, does its in privates wen no ones is watchin.

Bees modest an Ceiling Cat will gives yu plenty uf Katnips,

put all yor trubles on Him, becawse Ceiling Cat cares for yu.

Bees gude or teh Satun will devours yoo.

Know yu dat kittehs all ova teh world suffa da same as yu.

An afta sufferins awile Ceiling Cat shall restore, strengthen, an establish yu.

Tu him be teh dominion foeva an eva. Akitteh.

Bi Salty, a faiful bruver, I has left yu a message on teh cowch, tellin taht tis iz teh graec of Ceiling Cat.

Teh kittehs frm Babylon snedz yuz moar ohaiz, an so duz Mark, mi kittun.

undefined

Oh hai.  Da d00d Symn P3tr of teh kitteh Jeesus sais oh hai to da kittehs of da faif, srsly.

u may has cheezburgr cuz noin teh Jeesus and teh Ceiling Cat.

Teh ceiling cat haz maided so us can haz cheezburgrz n burdiez n gusshee fudz n stuffz cuz we lieks hym n he sais o hai.

He haz prommissed us can haz cheezburgrs n can haz plays in his big littr boks cuz we iz gud n no covrd in pewpeez liek othr d00dz.

N be gud and lernz cuz lernin iz gudz,

cuz lernin iz what Cieling Cat lieks, kthx.

N we be nise to brudder kittehs n givs tehm cheezburgr when othr d00dz hav takn tehr bukkit.

Eff u be nise n doed tehse stuffs, u can haz bebes n gud stuffs frm ur d00d Jeesus.  Fo relz!

D00dz taht r meen n dont rispekt tah d00d Jeesus r stoopid n can loose tehr bukkits, tho.

Srsly, be nise n u can no b pwnd.

U can has Ceiling Cat's littr boks wif teh d00d Jeesus.

U r all liek, "Oh hai, we no all tihs kthxbai!" But I can has tel u agin cuz u neid 2 no stuffs.

Whyle mai pawz b n ur base I wil tel u stuffs agin,

noing taht Jeesus sho me taht I no b n ur base 4evr.

Aftr I git pwnd I can has u no tehse stuffs so u can git mad l00t whyle otehr d00dz iz liek "Oh noes, we be gttn pwnd!"

We no maided up harblls to maided u thnk rong stuffs,

cuz the d00d Jeesus is 4 reel, srsly.  Ceiling Cat is all liek, "Tihs b mai d00d 4 reelz!"

We herd hym maow frum teh ceiling whens we wuz on teh tabletop, n nos 4 shur tihs 4 reel. Omg srsly.

We no taht u belieffers has a flashlight in ur bellies n can has seein n evn teh darkest kichin.

Noin taht tehse wordz iz no up 4 d-bate, but can has 1 enterperashun.

undefined

But dey iz fulse profutz in ur peepuls teachun ur heresiesez, flamun teh Ceiling Cat and bringun teh pwnage on demselfz.

Lotz of kittehs iz followun dem, flamun teh lolcatz.

And dey iz gonna try an makes u teh flameh 2, cus u hazunt been judgeded bai teh Ceiling Cat yet, and srsly dey wont stop - dey dunt evun slepe cus dey iz havun teh redbullz.

Cus dey is actun leik Ceiling Cat duesnt forguvded teh wall cats dat sin,

Leik Him hazunt saved teh Noah kitteh from gettun wetz.

Leik Him hazunt pwnt teh sofaz of Sodom and Gomorrha az exampulz;

Leik Him dusnt forgiveded Lot

(Lot wus frendz wif teh flamerz but dusnt flame himself)

Teh Ceiling Cat iz knowun how 2 stop teh temptachuns (evun cheezburguh) and also how Him iz punishun teh sinnahz:

Specshally dem sinnahs dat is after teh secksy-timez. Dem kittehs who iz seckzoring jus for demselfz rathuh than wif teh spouse.

Wif Wall cats, kittehs isunt abul to say whethuh or not dey iz bein judgeded teh same, kthx.

But normal kittehs iz gonna be pwnt bai tehy sins an corrupshun.

Dey iz srsly gunna be pwnt by teh Ceiling Cat. They iz sinnahs and leik teh pimpuls, dey iz obvius about teh sinzoring.

Dey has eyez full of teh seckzor and cant stop teh seckzoring. Dey iz havin teh baby kittehs taht iz den curseded 2, srsly.

Dey is leik Ballaam

Ballaam iz a dumb-ass lol!

Dey is leik saucerz wif no milkz, dey iz leik teh bad weathuh for flying teh ivisibul plaen.

Dey meow about teh seckzors, drugzors and rock'n'rollz and iz temptin teh otheh kittehs

Dey is promisun this stuff but dey iz messed up and likun teh bondage lol!

If dey is knowin about Ceiling Cat and den doin teh bondage and stuff, den iz worse than if they wusnt hearing about teh Ceiling Cat.

Srsly.

undefined

K so thsi iz bout Word of Lief whihc waz from beginin n we herd n saw wiht ar aiz n tuchd wiht ar pawz

An Lief waz reveeld, n we saw n wer liek "OMG LOOK AT" n we dugg it n rote in hedlien "ETEARNL LIEF WIT FAHTER AND WAZ REVEELD 4 US!!!1"

No Rly, It tru!!! We hangd owt wit him an was coolz! :D

Is ROFLCOPTER awsom! So u shood be happy liek we ar!!

Baby Jebus sais Ceiling Cat is made of lyte and win, he has 0 failz.

If you sez u be down wit Ceiling Cat but has failz, u dont has no wins for realz and ar failzing.

But if u be down wit Ceiling Cat and haz win, you can has baff wit Baby Jeezuz and cleaneded all ur failz n eevlz.

you all has evulz an 0 truths.

If u tel the Ceiling Cat bout ur evulz and he will be leik "OK datz kewl. U hav baff now."

undefined

Lissen kidz, I be tellinz u to not do thoz bad tihngs. Buht if u do thoz evils anywayz, Bebeh Jebus, he tellz teh Ceiling Cat taht u rly be gud.

An Bebeh Jebus, he be tellin Ceiling Cat for everywunz! Not jus for u, but for teh whole urfs! WOAH!! :D

If u knowz teh Bebeh Jebus, tehn u do what he seyz.

If u knowz Bebeh Jebus an u dont do whut he seyz, u suxxorz.

Buht if u do whut he seyz, tehn Jebus luvs u, an u knows it.

Do liek Bebeh Jebus do, an it be all gud. Srsly.

Iz not liek u didnt know dis stuff alreadys.

Buht I haz a new thing to tell u, an it be troofs. Teh dark stuff iz done, an teh lite iz all shineh an stuff.

If u think u all shineh an stuff, buht u hatin peeps, tehn u rly in teh dark.

If u luvs peeps, tehn u can see even in teh dark, liek teh kittehs do, an u no fall down.

Buht if u hates peeps, tehn u iz all blind, an u fall down an run into things liek u stoopid.

I iz writin dis for all teh bebehs, cuz Bebeh Jebus makes ur invisbuhl evils go away, cuz he just iz awsum liek taht.

I iz writin dis for all teh dadz, cuz u has knowed Bebeh Jebus for alwayz. I iz writin dis for all teh yung doodz, cuz u has pwned teh baddies. I iz writin dis for all teh bebehs, cuz tehy knows teh Ceiling Cat.

I wuz gonna repet all teh stuff I just sayed, buht I changed my mind. BTW, Bebeh Jebus rulez.

U iz not sposed to luv da urfs, or the stuff in da urfs. If u luv da urths, u iz not savin ur luvs for teh Ceiling Cat.

Lustin after urf stuff iz bad. Urf stuffs iz not Ceiling Cat stuffs.

Da urf gonna be all ded, an ur lusts gonna be all ded, buht not teh Ceiling Cat. Teh Ceiling Cat lives for alwayz an ehvur. An teh peeps who luv teh Ceiling Cat, tehy lives liek taht, too. Liek, forehvur an stuff.

Kidz, dis teh end of da urths. U heerz taht teh anti-Jebus iz comin? Srsly, now there bez lotsa dem anti-Jebuses. Taht how u know dis be teh end of da urths. Srsly.

Dem anti Jebuses? Tehy leeved. Taht mean tehy not liek u. If tehy was liek u, tehy stay. But tehy goed. So u knowz tehy not liek u.

But u haz cheezburgurz from Ceiling Cat, so u knowz all dis stuff.

I haz not writed cuz you not know troofs. I haz writed it cuz u knowz it, an u knowz taht liez iz not troofs.

If anywun sayz Jebus not roxxor, he be lyinz. He iz anti-Jebus, who not liek Ceiling Cat or Jebus.

If you no liek Jebus, u no haz cheezburgurz frum Ceiling Cat. If u liek Jebus, u haz cheezburgurs.

Think bout dis stuff. If u do, u haz Jebus an u also haz Ceiling Cat.

Ceiling Cat sayed u get cheezburgurs, an he meaned it. Srlsy.

I haz writin u dis stuffs bout teh baddies. Watch out for dem. Srsly. Tehy iz bad nuse an tehy suxxorz.

Teh cheezburgurs iz urs witout u even knowin bout dem, cuz teh cheezburgurs teached u. No lie. Srsly.

Luv Jebus, an when he comz back, there be a partay.

undefined

Hoewz grait iz teh luv teh Father haz lavizhd on uz, dat we is be called childz ov Ceiling Cat! And dat is wut we r! Teh reazonz teh wurldz does not be knowingz us iz dat it is be not know him.

Der fwiendz, now we iz be childrenz of Ceiling Cat, and wut we will be haz not being maded known. But we iz b knowing dat wen he apyrz, we shal be like him, coz we shall seez him as he is be being.

Evry1 hu is be haz dis hope in him purifyz himzself, juzt az he is being purez n stuff.

Evry1 hu sinz brakez teh law; in fakt, sinz is lawzlesnesss.

But u know dat he apyrd so dat he mite takez our sinz and giv us cookies! And in him iz be no sinz. No1 hu livz in him sinz.

No1 hu sinz haz teh seen him or knownz him.

Deerz childrnz, du nit let pplz leed u astray wiv cookies. He hu is be doing wut iz rite iz richus, juzt as he is be richus.

He doez wut iz sinzfull ov teh devilz, coz teh devilz haz bean siningz from teh beginz! Teh reasonz teh Son of Ceiling Cat apyred waz to asplode teh devilz wurkz.

No1 hu iz bornz of Ceiling Cat will do sinz, ciz Ceiling Cat's seed remaynz in him; he cannot do teh sinz, cos he haz been born ov Ceiling Cat.

Thiz iz how we iz be knowing hu teh childrnz of Ceiling Cat r and hu teh childrnz of teh devilz r: Any1 hu duz not du wut iz rite iz not a childz of Ceiling Cat; nor iz any1 hu duz not luv hiz bro.

Dis iz teh mezzag u herd from teh begginingz: We shud Luv 1 anuva.

Du not be liek Cain, hu iz belongz to teh EVILZ 1 and murdzored hiz bro. And y did he be murdzoring hiz bro? coz hiz own actchonz wer EVILZ and hiz bro'z wer richus and he had cookies.

Do not b being surprized, my broz, if teh wurld hatez u.

We know dat we haz passd frim deth 2 lif, coz we luv our broz ova our hoes. Any1 hu iz not b loving remaynz in deth.

Any1 hu hatez his bro is a murdzora, and u know dat no murdzora haz eternal lif or any cookies.

Dis iz how we is be knowing wut luv iz: Jebus Kryzt layd down hiz lif 4 us. And we is b shuld lay down our lifz 4 our broz.

If Any1 haz materyal pozeshionz and seez hiz bro in need but haz no pity on him, how can teh luv of Ceiling Cat be in him?

Kittens, luv is wot you duz, not sayz.

Do dat and Ceiling Cat liek you.

You OK wif it, Ceiling Cat OK wif you.

You not OK wif it, Ceiling Cat not OK wif you. It dat simple.

Wot we ask, we get's, cuz we do wot Ceiling Cat liek.

Ceiling Cat sayz Believez in Jebus an luvz other kittehs.

undefined

Deer frenz, do not bleev every invisible cat, but giv em quizzes liek in sk00l lol 2 see if tehy r from Ceiling Cat, bcuz lotsa fake profits iz gone into teh wurld.

Yu can tell teh Hover Cat is tehere n from Ceiling Cat if teh invisible cat sez taht Baby Jesus iz come in teh flesh from Ceiling Cat. Win.

but evry invisible cat taht sez Baby Jesus iz not from Ceiling Cat is teh ebil.  Theze invisible catz iz 
$ANTICHRIST invisible catz.  Fail.  I tole u iz coming n is already heer.  Srsly. U tihnk mebbe $ANTICHRIST teh d00d in teh Left Behind bookz but tehy rly invisible catz n heer right now! OH NOES!1!!11

U, deer kittehz, r from Ceiling Cat n pwn teh $ANTICHRIST invisible cat bcuz teh 1 in u (tahtz baby Jesus) pwns teh 1 in teh world (tahtz ebil $ANTICHRIST invisible cat). Win.

teh ebil $ANTICHRIST invisble catz iz from teh wurld n talkz liek teh wurld seez n teh wurld lissenz 2 em.

We r from teh Ceiling Cat n catz taht kno teh Ceiling Cat lissen 2 us; but teh catz not from Ceiling cat do not lissen.  Tahtz how we know teh invisible cat taht tellz u true n teh invisible cat taht tells u liez.

Frenz, letz b luvin each uvver wif hugz n purrz n cheezburgrz n stuffz 4 teh luv come from teh Ceiling Cat.  All teh cats who luv haz been bornded uv teh Ceiling Cat n knos teh Ceiling Cat.

Teh catz taht do not luv do not kno teh Ceiling Cat bcuz teh Ceiling Cat is teh luv.

This is how teh Ceiling Cat showz us hiz luv: he sendz hiz 1 n only kitteh (tahtz baby Jesus, n00b!) down from teh ceiling so catz ken live thru him.

Tihs is teh luv: not taht we luvz teh Ceiling Cat (we doez!), but taht he luvs us and sendz us hiz kitteh to get killded 4 our invisible errors n maded tehm go awai now kthxbai.

Deer frenz, since teh Ceiling Cat luvz us, we shld srsly luv each uvver 2, k?

No cat haz seended teh Ceiling Cat, but if we luvz each uvver teh Ceiling Cat lives in our ceiling n hiz luvz is made full in us.

We kno taht we live in him n h livez in us bcuz he sez we can haz Hover Cat.

N we haz seen n sez taht teh Pa (tahtz Ceiling Cat) haz sended hiz Kitteh (tahtz baby Jezuz) to save teh wurld.

Any cat taht sez Baby Jesus is teh Kitteh uv teh Ceiling Cat, teh Ceilng Cat move in wif dat cat.  Srsly.

N so we kno n relai on teh luv Ceiling Cat haz 4 us.  Ceiling Cat is teh luv.  Teh catz taht live in teh luv live in teh Ceiling Cat n teh Ceiling Cat livez in him.

In tihs way, teh luv is made rly full in teh catz so tehy getz all fat wif teh cheezburgrz n cookiez n stuffz taht teh Ceiling Cat sez tehy can haz..  N on teh day wen Baby Jesus grade teh invisible test we srsly n roll leik a 20 bcuz in tihs wurld we b liek baby Jesus.

Tehre iz no bein skeered in luv. Perfick luv send teh skeer awai bcuz bein skeered iz about bein pwned.  Teh 1 who is skeered iz not made perfick in luv (cuz Ceiling Cat in him n Ceiling Cat pwnz, member?)  bcuz taht 1 knos hez not gettin pwned.

We luv bcuz teh Ceiling Cat luvvded us frst n sez we can haz cheezburgrz.

Any cat taht sez "I luv teh Ceiling Cat luvluvluv him" n hatez hiz bro, he liez. Fail. 4 any cat taht hatz hiz bro taht he seez, cant luv teh Ceiling Cat whoz invisible.

undefined

Everycat who sez Jebus is kittin uv CeilingCat, n kitty who luvs CeilingCat luvs Jebus.

We luv kittens uv CeilingCat: Is luv CeilingCat n' duin' teh stuffs he is tell us to do.

Do stuffs is luv CeilingCat: Be goodcat. He isn't sez thing too hard,

all CeilingKittin has teh power. Is total WOOT to has teh power.

Hoo is it to has teh power in teh wr0ld? Is him dat sez Jebus is sun uv CeilingCat.

Jebus cum by wuter and bloods. Hover Cat sayz so.

There's three in Ceiling, right? Ceiling Cat, Jebus and Hover Cat. And three equals one. WTF? Srsly.

There's three on Earths, invisible kitteh, wuter and bloods. Three equals one. WTF? OK.

Wot Ceiling Cat sayz iz more important dan wot kitteh sayz. Duh. Ceiling Cat said stuffs bout Jebus.

You no believes in Jebus, you maeks Ceiling Cat a liar, k?

Fame! I'm gonna live forever! With soem halp frum Jebus.

Has Jebus, has live forever. Srsly.

I writed you these tings so you believe in Ceiling Cat, and the gonna live forever, and Jebus.

And we knoe if we preys for somethin Ceiling Cat wants to do anyway, he hears.

Srsly. Ceiling Cat is listenin.

Sum sinz not so bad. Your brother do that he be OK. Sum sinz rly bad tho.

Bein bad is sin, but sum not so bad.

You down with Ceiling Cat, you no sin. Saitin no can has touchin you.

All da werld bad and evul.

Jebus has cum. He let you knoes dat. You down with Ceiling Cat and Jebus.
Dis da true Ceiling Cat and the gonna live forever.

undefined

Teh grownz up, to da prettyz cat and kittehs. I luv dems truthly and everyones is luving dems truthly.

Cuz we alls gots da trooth.

Good cat skillz is being ours from teh Ceiling Cat and Jebus (Ceiling Cats's kitteh).

Oh hai! U is truthly too? Yay! Ceiling Cat is can be happies now.

Prettees kitteh, where is teh luvs?

Ceiling Cat is has can tellings we's to lovez!

Teh meanies nots liking Jebus is everywheres! Dey is being not goodz.

Beware dems so you is can keeps yur cheezeburgers and gets mores!

Lotz of kittehs being mizzing outs.

Dey is comings and tryyings to steals yours cheezeburgers! No lets dems in!

If yous is letting tehm ins, u's is noes goods eitehr.

Dere is too much to sayz and hoomans is not havings enuf paperz. Can us be is seeings each otehr soonz? kthx bai.

undefined

Teh old kitteh Gaius, iz luvvin him, srsly.

Iz wishun joo all teh gud thingz, and yr inneh kitteh iz gud 2.

I has parteh, wehn iz knowun joo is gud leik cheezburguz.

For I has no bigguh parteh dan for teh cheezburgeh.

Joo iz gud 2 us kittehz an to everywun

An they is winussin dis an is joing joo in worshuppun teh Ceiling cat.

Jus cus of his namez and nuthun 2 do wiv teh Gentiles.

All us kittehs shuld be leik joo, an help ottahs worshup.

Iz meowed at Diotrephes but him dusnt listen.

Iz gonna remember him cus he is dus teh bad things an meowz bad meowz an is sayin other kitteh iznt allowud 2 worshup.

Dun folluw teh eval kitteh. Him taht dus gud folluhs teh Ceiling Cat, kitteh taht dus eval cant see teh Ceiling Cat.

Demetrius iz meowin gud thingz about kittehs an truthz an this iz writteneded down.

I wus also goin teh writeded stuff, but iznt gun to now.

Instaed iz gunna meow it 2 yr facez.

undefined

Jude, Jameses bro an Christes cervent, sez,
"I'z writin two eberwun hoo wanttz 2 be lubbed bai Ceiling Cat teh Dad an hiz Sun.

Uz shuld hav lots and lots of Ceiling Cat's niceness, calmness, an lub.

Kittehs, i wanteded 2 rite bout the salvashun we both of us has, but instead i riting to yous about ur faith insteads.

Invisible doodz krept in umung yoos, and they gonna be condmneded. They not like Ceiling Cat, dey maek his cheezburgerz liek NOT CHEEZBURGERZ, an dey not bleev in Jebus.

Rememberz, (ha! u alredy no newayz!) Jebus sayved peepz out uv Eegipt, an laterz, OMGWTFHAX! teh unbeeleevers.

An teh angels who leeved teh ceiling, he chayned up in teh darks until teh jugement

jus as Sodum an Gonnoreah... i means GOMORRAH!!! (who waz like HARBLS GOES WHERE??? to evrywun they sawed) has eternal punishments in fier.

Jus liek that, invisibul doodz get der fur durty, not listen 2 der bozzes, an BLASFEMES! ZOMGWTF!

Teh archangel Michael fot wid teh devil abowt Moses body, but he not blasfeme, he sez "Ceiling Cat rebook yoo."

But invisible doodz blasfeme evryfing they not understand, an they are OMGWTFHAX'd by everfing they understand.

N00bz! Dey walk liek Cain, greedy liek Balaam, an perishd with Korahs rebbelion.

Dey be liek durt on yur speshly gd cheezbergers!!1 Dey be liek week kittehs hoo get bloan bi teh wind! Dey be liek BAD KITTEHS wiv no skillz!!!!11!

Dey are liek teh bad kittehs whu h4x j00 an udder stufz lol.

Sum d00d caled Enoch wuz liek "omfgstfu teh Ceiling Cat are has coem wiv angelkittehs to"

wtfh4x evribodi! He iz heer to pwn al teh bad kittehs an kittehs hoo are nt kool wiv him!

Dese kittehs ar no-skill rshing n00bs hu thnk dey ar pro at C&C3 lol.

Rememberz what Ceiling Cats sun an followerz sed plz.

Dey sed (for yuz hu do not has remember) befoer teh end of teh wurrld (ZOMGlongtiemlol) dere wil be kittehs hoo lol at Ceiling Cat becoz they thinks he are teh suck (but rly they ar teh suck roflmao).

Dese ar teh once who divaid yuz all an who canot has lief in mi house lmao.

Bt u catz who ar stil k00l shud keap having prays to Ceiling Cat.

Yoo shud keap kl wiv Ceiling Cat, othrwaiz he will be liek "WTFN00B!!!!" And u shoud waet for hiz sun to saev yoo from all teh n00bz an bad pplz.

If someoen sais "ohhaiicanhasmercy?" uz shuld all say "youcanhasmerci."

Saev pplz from brrning bildingz an be liek "wtfbbq" at pplz wiv drrty clothses.

Ceiling Cat iz strong an wil giv yu cheezburgerz if yu ar gd.

undefined

John haz sum revelashunz. Tehy frum teh Happycat, but wuz furst frum Ceiling Cat, an tehy to show what iz comin.  Teh Ceiling Cat sended hiz angel to John to give revelashunz.

John sez iz all totally troof, zactly what teh Ceiling Cat and Happycat sayed. He no lie. Srsly.

Everwun what reedz these wurdz will has cheezburgrz and everwun what heerz theez wurdz will has cheezburgrz.  Also, pay attenshuns, cuz iz comin. Habeeb it.

John seyz, hay teh sehvuhn churchez over therr in Asia:
Oh hai, from teh Ceiling Cat whoz alwayz around, an alwayz haz beens around, an alwayz will bes around, and hai from the sehvuhn kittehs sittin next to his mighteh sofuh.

Oh, also, hai frum Happycat, who iz liek totally l33t. Srsly. To Happycat who totally luvz us an died for us an stuff,

Ur awsum, kthx.

Invisibuhl airplane for Happycat!  Everwun will see him in teh airplane, even tho iz invisibuhls. Even thoze bad doodz who wuz so mean will seez him, and everwun will be totally bummed.  Srsly.

Teh Ceiling Cat sez "iz teh lolfa n iz lolmega n i allwayz haz been n allwayz will be also i haz strongness!  rawr"

Anywayz, I be John, ur bruder an ur friend in Happycat. So dis wun tiem, I wuz on Patmos talkin to sum doodz about Happycat an teh Ceiling Cat.

Wun Caturday, I wuz chillin an I heerz dis hugenormous voice behaind meh, an it wuz rly lowd lyke a trumpet insturmentz.

An teh voice sez, "Oh, hai. I be Lolpha, an also, I be Lolmega, an rite whut you seez, an send it to those sehvuhn churchez over therr in Asia. In case u forgotz, tehy be Ephesus, Smyrna, Pergamum, Thyatira, Sardis, Philadelphia (wich not be teh wun in Pehnsluvainya) and also Laodicea, wich iz all funneh namez, but I not made dem up."

I lookz for teh voice an, it wuz invisabuhls! Insted, I seez sehvuhn golduhn bukkits!

Also, therr wuz a dood dressed real nice, even tho he wuz in a dress.

Teh dood had a hed taht wuz wite, an also hairz taht wuz wite. Also, his eyez wuz chargin his lazors.

An his feets wuz lyke a heeter, an his voice wuz liek a mighteh toilet flushinz.

He made sehvuhn cookies in hiz rite hand, an a sword in hiz mouf.  Also, hiz face wuz all glowinz, like teh sun.  Srsly.

When I seez him, I fallz over liek ded.  Teh dood touched me an sez, "Dont be all skeerd."

Also, he sez, "Im Happycat 2.0 and Im totally alive and moar l33t 4evr!  Also, I am teh keymaster." (not like Ghostbustrz lol)

Then he sez: "Taek notez. Lotsa notez."

undefined

4m Happycat, 2 teh doodz in Ephesus: Theez r teh wurdz of teh dood wif teh 7 cookies and the bukkitz and stuff:

You been doin good, thx.  You hates bad doodz, an you figgered out who wuz a lyin faker.  Good job.

You been hangin in therr for me an yr not even a little bit tired.  Kthx!

Anywayz, you sukkaz, cuz you forgotz what you wuz doin b4.

Remember how awsum you wuz?  Say sorry and do that old stuff you did before.  Otherwise I be stealin yr bukkit.

Oh, hey, you hate teh Nicolaitans? Me too, so thatz cool.

If you gotz earz, listen up to what I sez.  If you duz good, you can has a cookie from teh Life Tree in teh garden of teh Ceiling Cat.  Kthxbye.

4m Happycat, 2 teh doodz in Smyrna: Theez r teh wurdz of teh dood who iz first an last an can be a zomby an stuff:

Yr poor.  Sry.  But, hey, yr rich! Also, I no some doodz be lyin about bein Jewish.  Ya rly, they r a synagogue of Basement Cat.  Srsly.

Bad stuff is comin, but don be skeerd. You can go to jail, mebbe for 10 dayz. Be good, even if you dies, and you can has a cookie of life.

If you gotz earz, listen up to what I sez.  If you duz good, deth wont hurt.  Srsly.  Kthxbye.

4m Happycat, 2 teh doodz in Pergamum: Theez r teh wurdz of teh dood wif teh dubble-sharp sword: I no were u live.

Yr livin in Basement Cat's naybrhood.  But, yr still good.  You likeded me, even when they burninated my friend Antipas.  So, thatz awsum, thx.

Anywayz, you sux0rz, cuz some of you be doin bad stuff.  Some of you liek Balaam.  He sux0rz cuz he showed Balak how to be tricksy and get teh Israelites to be bad by eatin bad cookies an by hasin buttsecks!

Also, some of you liek teh Nicolaitans, who totally sux an I hatez0rz.

So, quit it!  Or else I be comin to fight em wif my mouf sword. Grrr!

If you gotz earz, listen up to what I sez.  If you duz good, you can has Ceiling Cat's cookie.  Also, a white rock wif sum riting on it.  Kthxbye.

4m Happycat, 2 teh doodz in Thyatira: Theez r teh wurdz of Baby Jesus wif fire eyez an metal feetz an stuff:

Yr doin gret, even moar better than b4.  Kthx.

Anywayz, you sux0rz, cuz you think Jezebel iz leet.  She be a liar an trickses doodz into hasin buttsecks wif her and eatin bad cookies!

I sed to her to quit it, but she wont.

So, Im gonna smack her down an also doodz what has buttsecks wif her.  Unless they sez sorry.

Also, Im killin her kiddiez.  Then everwun will no Im in heaven watchin yr hartz an mindz an repayin yr deedz too.

All you doodz in Thyatira who hatez Jezebel an dont no Basement Cat's sekrits, yr gret, dont worry, kthx.

Just keep hangin on til I get therr.

If you duz good an what I sez, you can has authoriTAH!

"He will pwn them wif hiz iron stick an smash them liek potteriez."  Just liek I gotz authoritie from my Dadz, teh Ceiling Cat.

Also, you can has a morning cookie.

undefined

An tell teh Birdkat who bez in Sardis:
I no yr deedz. . Ur name sez ur living but I no ur ded.

Waek up!  Fex teh sutff yer doin, cuz Ceiling Cat sez ur not dun.

Dunt furgett wut I sed. Srsly! Say yr sorry!  Cuz if yu dont I be sneakin in liek a bukkit-steeler an you wont even no when I be comin.

N E wai, sum of yer doodz r kewl n can roll wiff me.

An teh kewl doodz can waer white n I wont taek dem outta teh book ov life.  Iz gonna tell Ceiling Cat about dem tew.

If you gotz earz, listen tew what I sez.  Kthxbai.

4m Happycat, 2 teh doodz in Philadelphia: Theez r teh wurdz of teh dood who iz totally leet an can has Davids keyz.  When I openz tings, they cant be closeded, an when I closes tings, they cant be opened.  So there.

Im watchin yr deedz, d00dz.  See, I gief u a broken door: itz stuck open.  I no u iz weak, but yr still my buds.

I will maek thoze lyin faker J00z from teh synagog of Basement Cat fall down.  Also, they no I luv u guyz.

Yr tewtaly payshunt, which iz awsum.  U cn skip Judgment Day, kthx.

Iz comin soon. Srsly. Keep hangin in therr an dont let nobuddy b stealin yr bukkit.

If you duz good, you can hang wif teh Ceiling Cat 4evr.  Also, Im gonna rite some stuff on u, liek teh name of teh Ceiling Cat an teh naem of his city.  Also, my new naem, which is awsum.

If u gotz earz, listen up to what I sez.  Kthxbye.

4m Happycat, 2 teh doodz in Laodicea: Theez r teh wurdz of teh dood who pwns everyting made by teh Ceiling Cat. Srsly!

I b watchin yr deedz.  Yr neevr hot nr cold.  Why not?!

Anywayz, bcuz yr only tepid, you sux0rz.  Im gonna spit u out of my mouf. PTHEW!

U sez yr rich an u dont need nothin.  But u totally sux.  Srsly.  Also, yr poor, blind an flashin ur harbls.

I has gold, so u can has riches; an I has white clothz, so u can stop flashin ur harbls; n I has fixin stuff for yr eyez, so u can c.  Let me show u them.

I yellz at u cuz I lovez u. Srsly.  So, say yr sorry.

Oh, hai, Iz nockin on yr door!  Open it, so I can has cookies wif u.

If u duz good, u can hang wif me, liek I hang wif my Dadz, teh Ceiling Cat.

undefined

So, then I seez a big open heaven door.  An teh invisible trumpet voice sez "C'mere. I noes whatz comin. Let me show you it."

Then, surprize Ghostee-entry!  An I seez a dood on a fancy heaven chair.

The dood looked liek a shiny orange statchoo.  An therr wuz a bootiful rainbow too.

All around teh fancy chair wuz lots moar littler fancy chairz wif old doodz on em.  Teh doodz has white clothez and shiny crownz all on therr old headz.

Then therr wuz skeery lightninz and funderz an therr wuz 7 bukkits.  Teh bukkits iz teh 7 kittehs of teh Ceiling Cat.  Srsly.

Oh, also, therr wuz lotz of glass on teh floor. Therr wuz 4 aminuls wif all eyez everwherr.

Therr wuz a lion wif all eyez an a big cow wif all eyez an a dood wif all eyes an a eagul wif all eyez.

All them aminuls has 6 wingz an has all eyez everwherr.  An all teh time they r sayin "Teh Ceiling Cat is so leet. Srsly."

An then, when teh aminuls sez stuff,

All teh old doodz fall down an worshipz teh orange statchoo dood.  They takez off therr crownz an sez:

undefined

Then teh orange statchoo dood on teh fancy heaven chair has a paperz wif riting all over an 7 cookiez on it.

An a leet kitteh yelled "Who can be eatin mah cookiez an be reedin teh majik paperz wif all teh riting?"

But nobuddy anywheer can has teh paperz.

So I cried.

Then wun of teh old doodz sez: "Hei!  No cryin'!  Happycat pwns.  He can eat teh 7 cookiez an has teh majik paperz!"

Then I seed a itty-bitty baby Lamb, lookin real dead.  But it wuz standin on the fancy heaven chair an teh 4 aminulz and teh old doodz wuz around it.  Teh itty-bitty baby Lamb has 7 hornz and 7 eyeses, which r also teh 7 kittehs of teh Ceiling Cat. (Liek teh 7 bukkits, member?)

Teh itty-bitty dead baby Lamb stoled teh majik paperz from teh orange statchoo dood.

When teh Lamb tooked teh paperz, all teh aminulz an all teh old doodz fell down again.  An they all has harps an bowls of smelly stuff.

An all tehm tings singed a new song:
"Yr so leet.  You tooked teh paperz
an can eatz teh cookies
Cuz teh bad doodz killded you
An you saved everbuddy everwherr
wif yr blood."

"You made everwun so leet they can hang wif teh Ceiling Cat,
an totally pwn everting.  Yr so awsum thx."

Then a bazillion kittehs gathered 'round an

They singed:
"Teh itty-bitty dead baby Lamb is so gret
an can has power an moniez an smartz an be reel strong
an can has honorz an gloriez an praise!  Srsly!"

Then everwun everwherr in heaven an not in heaven an in teh ground an in teh oshun an everting singded:
"Teh orange statchoo dood an teh itty-bitty baby Lamb
Can has praise an honorz an gloriez an powerz
totally 4vr!"

undefined

Den teh lamb opened one of teh 7 bukkits and teh furst doodz say "Come and take lookz!"

An behold der wuz white horse, wif a man sittin on it wif a bowz. An crown wuz given to him an he went out to take all cheezburgerz.

Den dat lamb opend nother bukkit and doodz say "Come"

Den anuther ridin red horse come. He wuz allowed to takez all teh worldz cookiez and milkz, and 
send dem tu bedz eerly. Sum peeps mite die tu: an he can has great sword an stuffz.

He prozeded to opens nuther bukkit an big black horse come. Living doodz say "Come" an he balanced stuff in hiz handz.

An den sum dood said "Sum stir fry for denarius! An denarius 4 cheezburger! Better not eated mah cheezs and bradz!

An i oppeneded nuther bukkit an 4th dood say "Come and lookz!"

Lo behold a pale horsez with a dood sitin on it, his naym wuz Deaths, an liek Hadez an stuff followd himz. Him had enuf skillz to be in ur base killin lots ur doodz

Den they openeded anuther bukkit an under teh altarz there wuz all kitteh souls who had deded more than niyne timez. Basement Cat and pitt bulls done it cuz they tried to givez kittehs baths, diddnt like too much.

Den teh voicez cries out "Iz it can be vengence tiem?"

Each of dem were givenz sum white robez. The shuld take napz for a whyle an den when all other kittiez die, they gittemm robez too.

Oh mai, they oppended nuther bukkit there wuz big ground shaky. Teh sunz got all darky and teh moonz wuz bluudy. Wow.

Den sum starz startin fallin. Kittehs be like "woez!".

Later, teh skiez got brighted. All landz come back tooo.

All teh kingz an queenz an generalz an luutinantz an princez an lordz an earlz an dukez an citizenz an peasantz an serfz an slavez an wimmenz an specially joo went to find shelterz.

They saidz to teh mountainz "Fall downz on us and save ussses from teh wrath of teh lambz!"

undefined

An after dose tings ai sawed 4 Birdcatz standin on teh four kornerz of urths.  Dem holded teh four windz of teh urths so dem diddent blow on teh urths an oashuns an tweez an stufs.

An ai sawed anudder Birdcat goin' up from teh east, carrying teh bukkits of teh living Ceiling Cat: and shouteded to teh four Birdcatz, to dose dudez it wuz givin to hurt teh urths and teh sea,

An him sayed, Dun hurt teh urths an oashuns an pwetty treez, til we giv teh servantz cheezburgers and putted dem in bukkits so they dun get hurted,

An ai hurd a bunch of dem wif noe cheezburgers: and there were a bazillion of all teh different kittehs from everwear trapt in bukkits.

Of teh tribe of Juda were Juda cats. Of teh tribe of Reuben were a tasty sandwich, full of cornd beef an coleslaw, jus like teh Juda cat. Same for teh Gad kittehs. Trapt in bukkits, all of dem.

Same wif the tribe of Aser. An teh tribe of Neftuhlim. An Manasses. O noes! Bukkits everwear!

Same went fur teh trybe of Simeon, an all dere cheezburgrs. An teh trybe of Levi, had no moar jeenz to wear. An teh tribe of Issachar too, anudder bazillion pplz, all in bukkits!

An teh tribe of Zabulon, was stuk in bukkits too. An teh tribe of Joey, in bukkits. An Ben, sealed in bukkits, twelve thousand pplz dey sayed.

Ai was laik, "O Hai, bazillion pplz!" Dey lookn at teh frone an 
teh Lamb, all white kittehs, wlv palms in their paws, and they had a flavor;

Pplz was shoutin laik "keep dat Ceiling Cat on teh frone!!" an "yah ok ai likz teh Lamb 2"

All dem Birdcatz round teh frone an teh old catz an teh 4 beasts, dem falled dwn rite on dem kitteh nosez! OWCH it hurty but not too bad. Dey worshipin Ceiling Cat.

Sayed, Ramen: "cheezburgrs, an powr an all good stuffs. You can has Ceiling Cat 24 7 forevers, plz?. kthxbye."

One of teh elderz kittehs is laik, "What white kittehs? Were dey at?"

So I's sayed, dun u know lol. He was liek, "Dese workin hard, an have licked demselfs clean, maid dem white in teh icky Lamb blood. It taste bad!"

U see, dey'z befoar teh frone of Ceiling Cat, dey bring him catnip an treats in his catbox: an he dat get petted on teh couch is allowed to lie on couch forever and not get teh sqwirt gun.

Dun be hungwy and firsty no moar; noar shall teh sun be warm on dey bellies.

undefined

OMG! Teh sevunth bucket gotted open, and everyone got shushed. Quiet! But only for half hour k?

And teh Ceiling Cat gived teh sevin ayngelz sevin trumpets.

One moar cam an stood at teh altar, burnin incents, cuz he was a hippy lol. He showd it off to teh other ayngelz and saints an sayed "I can has goldun senserr?" but he not need tehy're yeses cuz he already haz it, and he showeded tehm off.

Teh smokeys comed up form teh angulz and burnded Ceiling Cats eyez. Ceiling Cat was all "You n00bz stop burnin incentz in teh hous!"

An so teh ayngel tooked teh sensor, but he not eated it, and he was happy. But he burnz it and throwz it on teh floors outside insted, and then hurd voices an a thunderstorm comin.

Teh sevin ayngelz suckt in their bref so they could practice wif their trumpetz.

Fur some reason teh first ayngelz trumpet wuz full of fire, blood and hail! It burnt up a buncha trees and grass.

Teh seckind ayngel lukt at him and said "You not do it rite! You gotsta use ur diafram lol" An he blew his trumpetz and it somehow burneded a whole mountain up and then blew it up into teh oshun. The rest of teh oshun becam blud and gutz.

All teh stoopid aminals in teh sea were died; but luckly only a third of teh ships were hurt.

Teh fird ayngel blew his trumpet, but his was rly a flashlite,

Which they thought was a star becuz they n00bz. Teh water became gross and icky but ppl still drank it so lotsa ppl got molearia and dieded.

Teh fourth ayngel sounded his trumpetz, and he blocked only a third of teh sun, moon, and stars; he wantd it to be dark but not too dark.

undefined

An teh fif hovr d00d sowndz, an ah seez sum star fallin from ceilin' ta flor, an he hash kayz to teh pits.

An he oepend teh pit, an lotsa shmoke caem from teh pit, an we no can haz liet.

An big inzectz caem outa the flor an they has big powrz like a skorpeenz of flor.

An they no can burn gwass or gween shtuff but only mawle an femail kitteh wit no head sealz.

An teh skorpeenz no can kill teh kittehz, only torrment for fiev monfs an teh torrment is liek skorpeen stings.

An then kittehz sayz 
Is it can be deth tiem nao pleex?" an kittehz no can has deth. Kittehz want to die nao, but deth iz runnin from tehm.

An teh inzectz were liek horshez in battel an dey haz crownz liek gold an faces liek menz.

An dey has wimminz hairz and teefs dat maek kittehs get in teh car.

An they has brestplaets but brestplates were for armor not cheezburgers. An the brestplaets were liek iern and they has wingz liek chariots of horzes in batel.

An tehy has skorpeen tailz and stingz in teh tailz, an tehy can make men has pain five monfs.

An tehy has a Admiral Cat oevr dem, witch is liek teh hovr d00d of teh pits, who called Abaddon in heebrew, but in greak he can haz naem apple-yon.

One sad tiem is gone, but moar sad tiems is coming.

An hovr d00d six soundz, an i erd voicez from teh fore orns of teh golden altr by Ceiling Cat,

An it sez dat six hovr d00d who can has trumpets make lose teh fore angles which r bound in teh great rivr youfrayteez.

An teh fore angles was losed, witch prepaers for a howr an a day an a monf an a yeer for to kill third kittehz.

An dere was too hundret thousant hoarsemans, an i herd teh numbr.

An teh hoarsemans look liek dat in mah vision an dem dat sits on hoarsemans has brestplaet of fire and of ja-sinth, an brimestoan: an teh heds of hoarses were maeking kittehz get in teh car, an out of dere mouth caem fier and smoke an brimstoan.

By these thwee was thiwd kittehz kilt, by fier, and smoek, an brimstoen which came out dere mouth.

For teihr powerz is can had in dere mouth an in teir tailz, for tere tails were liek surpens, an day has heads which hurt wif zem.

An rest of teh kittehz witch was not kilt by playgz dun say sorry for works of they pawz, dat they should not wurship basement cat and idles of gold n silver n bass n stone n wood whoich cant see or hear or walk.

undefined

Then I seed a differnt angel!  He comed down from Ceilin and he wuz wearin a cloud and he had a rainbow for a hatz.  His face wuz like the sun and his legz wuz fire!!!

He holded a book.  It wuz open.  He standed on the sea with one footz and teh land wit teh other!

He shoutid and it wuz rly loud.  Seven thunderz sez somethingz 2.

I wuz gonna rite it down but sumbuddy from Ceilin sez "no!"

Then the angel I wuz tellin u about raisded up his hand to teh Ceilin.

And he swearded by Ceilin Cat "OK get reddeez!

Bcz rite b4 teh 7th angel playz teh trumpit, Ceilin Cat's mystri will be finishd, just like he tolded evribodi."

Then teh d00d in Ceilin tolded me to take teh book.

So I did. Teh angle sedz "Eat it.  Ur tummy will hurtz but teh book has flavor like cookies!"

I eated teh book. It has flavor like cookies but my tummy hurted.

undefined

I gotted a stik!  I is sposed to mejur Ceiling Cat's tempul n altur n count all hiz frendz there.

Xcept the outside part becuz dat is fer teh Gentiles.  They iz gonna walk on Ceiling Cat's city fer 42 monfs!!! OMG!

But 2 d00dz will wear bagz and get powerupz and tell the future fer liek 1,260 dayz!

They are 2 olive treez n 2 lamps.  I fink that makes 4 though.

If u try to hurt dem fire comez out of their moufz n all teh enemiez get eated!!! n u get pwned.

These 2 d00dz can shut teh sky n stop all teh rainz n turn teh watr 2 blood n maek u sick!! Ennitiem they want!  Haha haxx!

But when they STFU a monstr will come up n pwn them!

N their bodiz will lie in teh city streetz. Teh city iz calld Sodom n Egypt, but it iznt reeli.  Ceiling Cat was pwned there too.

Evribody will look at teh bodiz for 3 1/2 daiz but not do nuthing.

Xcept say "HAHA PWNED" n send each othre prezents bcz the d00dz were so l337.

But after that Ceiling Cat blowz on them n they come back 2 lief!  They stand up n evribodi iz liek "WTF!"

N Ceiling Cat sed "Come up here" n they went 2 heavn in a cloud! An everibodi just watched and was liek "WTF?"

O an jus then there wuz an earthquake an 1/10 of teh city felled down. 7,000 peeplz wuz pwned and evribodi left was liek "Oh noes! Ceiling Cat iz teh gratest!"

The 2nd trubl is ovr but the 3rd is on itz wai!

Teh 7th ainjl plaid teh trumpet and sum d00d in heavn sed:   "Teh world'z kingdum iz now Ceiling Cat's kingdum, n hiz son's 2!       Ceiling Cat r00lz 4ever!" (Then Handel putted that in a song, it iz calld teh Haleluya Korris)

And the 24 old d00dz fell off their chairz n tellded Ceiling Cat:

"Ceiling Cat r00lz 4ever! thnx 4 kickng sum ass!

Evribodi wuz pisst off but u gotted moar pisst off. Now judge teh dead n give prezentz 2 the good peoplez liek us.  Also pwn the camperz kthnx."

undefined

And there wuz a great wunder in teh Ceiling; a brite, shiny prettyz like teh sun, and teh nite sun shonez beneth this; and abuv tis  thingz wuz a crown of shinyz starz:

And one kewl thing wuz kitteh who haz babe kittehz, an itz mewin cuz it hurtin, and teh bebe kitteh wuld not come out.

And there wuz another thingz in teh Ceiling; and tis thingz wuz scary, like an evil puppeh that barked cuz he wuz angry

And tis evil puppeh wagged hiz tale and drew teh starz from teh Ceiling and did casted tem to teh erf. And teh evul puppeh stooded in front uf teh prehgnent kitteh wich wuz reddy to haf teh bebe kitteh, so he culd eated it.

And teh bebe kitteh wuz a male kitteh, who wuld rulez teh erf and all itz nationz wit an iron paw: and tis kitteh was caught up to teh Ceiling, next to teh Ceiling Cat.

And teh momma kitteh rided hur invisuble bicycle away, to some place only teh Ceiling Cat can watch.

And there wuz a war in teh Ceiling: teh offensive catz foughted teh evul puppeh;

And teh evul puppeh wuz casted out of teh Ceiling

That evul puppeh called teh devul, and Satun, which digz in teh backyard, and peez on teh rugz: he wuz casted out onto teh erf, along wif teh other puppehs.

And I can hearz shouting from teh Ceiling, it sayz, Now iz all safe, for teh evul puppeh haz been casted out, which peeded on teh rugz and digdid in teh backyard.

And tey beated teh puppeh by teh word of teh Ceiling Cat.

Therez 4 be happyz 2 all teh kittehs that livz in teh Ceiling with teh Ceiling Cat. Mewlz to all teh peoplez on teh erf and all teh fishiez an tingz in teh watur, 4 teh evul puppeh is wif yoo! OMG An teh puppeh iz mad cuz he wuz beated by teh Ceiling Cat.

An when teh puppeh looked aroun him, he chazed teh kitteh on hur invisuble bike.

An 2 tis kitteh wuz givun wingz like a burd OMFG so shes culd fly away frum teh evul puppeh.

An teh evul puppeh liftud hiz leg an he peeded aftur hur like itz a flooded!

An teh erf helpud teh kitteh by opuning itz mouf and it drankdid teh pee pee! LOL!

undefined

An I r in ur sandz looking at ur waterz: an OH NOES! A monstar camez out. He can has severn hedz an ten hornz: an can has ten crouwnz.

An teh monstar I saws It iz layk big spotteded kitteh, an It can has pawz layk bear, an It can has mout layk big neck-fur kitteh. An Teh dragn gaved it teh powurz an teh chairz an teh autoritiez.

An I sawz teh munster hurtz in teh hed: An laterz teh monstar hed he getz bettar: An evry pepls goes layk: OMFG! in wunder.

An evry1 goes wrship teh munster an Evry1 goes wrship teh dragn bcuz he r haveing teh powurz. Any1 stolez hiz cheezburgerz? No wai!

An teh monstar sai bad of Ceiling Cat and he also sed teh monstar wuz clevar. He can has powurz 4 yeerz an yeerz.

An teh monstar openez mout: An then he sed he h8z Ceiling Cat! OMG.

An teh monstur wuntz 2 taek teh cheezburgerz form Ceiling Cat. Teh monstar goes layk: "I r in ur Urf killing ur d00dz an ur seints!": An teh monstar can has powurs obr Urf.

An all teh pepls on teh Urf wrship him coz teh peplz namez not in Teh bookz of laif of teh ded lamb.

Listan j00.

If U make kitteh goeth unto cat carrier then one dai U goeth unto car carrier. If kitteh eatz birdeh then kitteh getz eatanz one dai. Ceiling Cat saiz so keke.

An anothar monstar cumz form teh urf! Dis 1 can has too horn liek a lamb but soundz layk a dragn.

An he haz teh powurz layk teh othar monstar. Ppl liek him 2.

An he maeded Graet Wunderz: He r casting majik missel unto Urf. Scarey!

An Evry1 wuz trixored. Letz maek a akshun film bcuz teh monstar iz strongar then Stevan Seegul.

An Teh othar monstar maed evry1 watch teh film or he casted majik missil at tehm.

An He maeded evry1 by it on vidio an dvd an teh speshun editiun. An maeded evry1 has markz on teh hed

An U has a markz!!  Or no moar cheezburgerz!

undefined

I lookz, n saw teh Lamb, wit lotz of peepz wit Ceiling Cat'z name on their 4heds, srsly!

Iz some lowd noizez, ZOMG! Teh harpz n stuff.

Teh peepz wif Ceiling Cat haz speshul songz, when teh bad peepz trai 2 lurns tehm, FAIL.  Songz teh Cealing Cat's peepz only, sry.

Ceiling Cat's peepz iz hiz peepz cuz they not likes girl kittiz, ick.  Also His peepz follow teh Lamb n he buyz tehm.

Ceiling Cat's peepz tellz no lies ethur.

WTF!  A angel sez 2 evryone, "Oh hai, I haz ur gospell!"

"U scrued, iz judjmentt timez now.  U wershippz Ceiling Cat or else.  Kthxbai."

Anothur Angel!  Oh noes!  Sez "Babylon fellz down, hooked up wit Basement Cat.  U drinks teh wine f teh adultereez now.  No I don't knows whut it meanz.  Ask teh Babalyn wher u getz it.  thxbai."

A thurd angell!  Sez "Peepz whoo worshipz teh Monstar, getz hiz mark in 4hed or on handz, u big trubble now."

"Ceiling cat pores sulfurz on u an makez tormentz, haha."

Ur tormentz, they smellz funny, and is no chzbrgurs wit ur tormentz, and no u can't has napz 4evr eithur.

Ceiling Cat's peeepz needz paytienz 2 put ups wit teh stink from ur tormentz n be tru 2 Son of Ceiling Cat.

A voice sez "Writez this:  Iz good bein ded, the ded can haz rests an chzburgur."

I seez cloud wit guy on top!  Cept he haz crown n sickle.  Iz speshul.

One moar angel, sez, "Harvest time now, now iz time 4 harvst."

Cloud guy harvestz urf, urf iz harvested.

There iz anotherr Angel, wit sickle too.

And even Moar angellz, sez to sickle guy, "Get me mah grapez, they ripe, kthx."

Teh angell swingz hiz sickle, getz teh grapez, trows tehm in press, makez teh wine of teh wrath of Ceiling Cat.  Yum!

undefined

Teh ceiling had nutha pikcha (wuz srsly l33t!11) - wuz of se7en angles who had bukkits of Ceiling Cat kitteh littah.

An teh angles woz on glass or fire or sumfink and they pwnd teh monstah an his pikcha an and numbah an that. Then played wikkid solo on Ceiling Cats gitar.

An they woz yowlin the numbah 1 hit bout Mozez an teh sheeps an how srsly l33t is Ceiling Cat an how he roXXorz teh totality of stuff.

Secnd vers woz all "u is scaries an bases belong to u an u controlz their manifolds" an stuffs.

Peepl took nutha tile out of teh ceiling.

An then the angles came out of hole in ceiling in their nice white topz and gold bras - bling!

Bad dog gave teh angles bukkits of Ceiling Cat harbllz. Ceiling Cat have moah than nine livez.

undefined

Den some d00d shouted to teh sevn hovr d00dz, "Dump out Ceiling Cat's watr bowl on teh urfs!" Oh noes!! "It is fulled of raeg insted of watr." O, ai was maded scared for moment.

The frst hovr d00d dumpted out hiz bowl n teh peopl who had teh mark of teh monstar gotted sorez all ovr gross!!!! n tey worshipt teh image of teh monstar.

Teh secnd hovr d00d dumpted out hiz bowl in teh oshun, n teh oshun turnded into blood n all teh fishiez died.  No moar fishiez.

Teh thrd hovr d00d dumpted out hiz bowl in teh rivrz, n dem turnded into blood.

Den teh boss hovr d00d sez: "Dat wuz teh rite fing to do, Ceiling Cat.

Bcz dem killded ur saintz n profetz.  So u gived dem blood to drink.  Dey had it comin."

N teh altar sed "Yes, Ceiling Cat, u did teh rite ting."

Teh fourt hover d00d dumpted out hiz bowl on teh sun, n teh sun burnded peoplz up wif fier!

It hurted tehm n dey cursted teh Ceiling Cat, but dem did not say "sorri u r00l" evn doe he cud stop teh bad stuffz.

Teh fifd hovr d00d dumpted out hiz bowl on teh monstar's chair n turnded out teh lietz in hims kingdm.  Peopl chewded on dem tungz

n cursted Ceiling Cat bcz it hurted so much, but dem still wudnt say "sorri."

Teh sixd hovr d00d dumpted his bowl out on teh Euphrates rivr, n teh watr all dreid up so teh kingz cud coem from teh east.

Den I seed tree durdy frogz.  Realli dem wuz demonz dough. Srsly. Dem comed out of teh mouf of teh dragn, teh mouf of teh monstar, and teh mouf of teh falls proffet.

Dem maded sum haxx n dey getted togeddr all teh kingz in teh hole world to fiet on Ceiling Cat's big dai.

"Haha lookz, Iz sneaky liek a robber! If u stai awake n dont get nekkid u getz cheezburgr!  Dont get nekkid, datz nasty."

Dem taked all teh kingz to Armageddon. (datz Hebrew u knowz)

Teh sevunt hovr d00d dumpted out his bowl in teh air, n some d00d in teh tempel sez "All donez now!"

Dere wuz lietningz n thundr n teh biggist urfkweik evr! OMG!

Teh big city browk into tree partz, n all teh oddr citiez falled down. Ceiling Cat remembrd Babylon n gived her a bowl full of wien, only it wuz realli hiz angerz.

Evry ailand runned away.  Teh mountenz did too.

undefined

Wun of teh sevn hovr d00dz (teh wunz wif teh bowlz) was liek "O hai, see teh punishmint of teh big h00kr who sitz on all teh bathtubz."

All teh kingz had harblez wif her n evribody gotted drunk from dem."

Teh hovr d00d pickt me up bai teh scruffz of mai neck n taked me to teh dezrt.  A womn wuz sittin on a red monstr wif drti wurdz rittn all ovr it.  It hadded seven hedz n ten hornz.

The womn was warin purpl n red, plus joolz.  Her cup wuz full of nasti stuffz.

"Mistri, Babylon teh Grate, Mama of h00krz n nasti stuffz" was rited on her forhed.

She wuz drunk on teh blood of teh saintz.  I wuz realli freekt.

Teh hovr d00d sez "U is freekt why?  I explainz to u.

Teh monstr izint real yet.  Latr it comz from teh Abyss n getz pwnded.  Evribodi whoz aroun then getz freekt."

Be smoart.  Teh sevn headz are seven hillz n teh womn sitz on dem.

O yeh n also dey is sevn kingz.  Five fallded.  Wun haznt fallded n wun haznt evn comed.  But when he duz he wil stai a bit.

Teh monstr iz teh eighth king.  He belongz to teh otherz n will get pwnded liek I sez."

Teh ten hornz is ten moar kingz.  Dey doan haff kingdmz but dey will be kingz for wun hour each.  Liek makin fotoz LOL.

Dey dont do much tho, just give powr to teh monstr.

Dey wil fiet a war aginst teh babi sheep n looz LOL.  Teh babi sheep is Lord of lorz n King of kingz n he will haff all his d00dz wif him.

O yeh n teh bafwaterz is lots of peeplz.

Teh monstr n teh ten hornz will hate teh h00kr.  Dey wil taek her clothez n eat her n set her on fier.

Dat wuz Ceiling Cat's idea.

undefined

Then anothr hovr d00d comed down.  He wuz shini.

He wuz liek "Babylon haz fallend n she iz full of evil spiritz.

She wuz so sexi she gotted evribodi drunk.

N anothr d00d in heavn sez "Evribodi out of Bablyon plz."

She iz in trubbl.

N paybak will b dubble wat she didz 2 u guyz. mwahahahaha!

She'z in her hart, makin her boasts.

Ceiling Cat will maek her veri sick n set her on fier.

All teh kingz who had harblez wif her will be all sad.

Dey will be liek "O noes!"

N evribodi who solded her nice stuffz will be sad, bcz she spended lotz of monni befor.

She used to buy all kindz of stuffz.

Lotz and lotz of kindz.

Dey will be all "Haha pwned."

But dey will be sadz.

And be liek "O noes!"

"U is broek."  Teh sailorz wil see all te smoek.

N dey will be liek "What a citi!"

Dey will put dirt on dey hedz n be liek "O noes!

But Hevn can be happi, bcz she wuz meanz to teh good peeplz."

Den a big hovr d00d pickted up a big rock an throwded it in teh sea.  He wuz liek "No moar Babylon.

No moar musikz.

No moar liets n no moar weddingz.  U gotted evribodi in trubblez.

undefined

Den ai heard noyz like pplz shoutin stuffs about Ceiling Cat’s pwnage,

An laik how gud he is at stuffs. The big bad secks woman has borked teh urths, but k now thx.

An she is all smokez an stuff laik 24 7!

Teh 24 d00ds an teh 4 nanimals sed “Oh hai, Ceiling Cat’s talkin frone! Nice work d00d” Kthxbye.

An teh frone voice sed, “Ceiling Cat is way kool, an pwns everything. BTW pplz who laik him r ok 2”.

An den ai heard a rilly loud noyz. It sed “Ceiling Cat pwns evryfin!”

“We is rilly happy, kthx Ceiling Cat! Teh baby sheeps is getting hitched soon”.

“Thx 4 teh new clothesez, btw.”

The hovr d00d sed 2 mai, “Taik notez. If u at wedding do, u get cheezburgrs. BTW, Ceiling Cat sed so”.

Ai sed “kthx”, but the hovr d00d sed “don’t kthx mai, kthx Ceiling Cat. An u know Baby Jesus tellz it laik it is”.

OMG, now dere is white horsie in hole in Ceiling! D00d ridin horsie does judgin an wants to give u karate.

This d00d has teh fier eyez, an loadz of shiny crowns laik teh Queen. Also like Clint Eastwood cos has no name.

D00d has red dress, an his name is teh word of Ceiling Cat. So he has name, lmao.

Ceiling armies are d00dz on white horsies, wiv white clothesez on.

OMG, horsie d00d spittin out soard to kill pplz! An can make dem do stuffz with metal stick! He is stamping on pplz cos Ceiling Cat is angry an wants pwnage!

D00d has matchin tat an writin on dress, which says gud stuffz about Ceiling Cat.

A hovr d00d sed “Oh hai burdies, u want comin to Ceiling Cat’s 4 food?”

“Is lotz of ded pplz meat, an ded horsie meat tho, so prob just vulturez. An crowz”.

An teh monstah an lotz of pplz sez "do you want karate?"

But teh monstar was pwned, an also teh lying d00d who been makin pplz worshipin idles and stuffs, an dey was frown in teh lake of fier fartz. Byses!

undefined

Meow! wat is dat hovr d00d doin wiv teh key to teh dip basement an a chain?

Teh hovr d00d is liek, “Oh hai, Basement Cat, u is evilz an u is goin in teh dip basement 4 liek a rilly long time, d00d. Srsly.”

An Basement Cat is frown into teh dip basement 4 lying to kittehz. Getz out in liek 1000 years but not 4 long tho, so no worryz.

An ai seen judgez on frones, an meow! teh gud kittehz has got liek no hedz just coz dey lieks  Jebus an stuffz! Not bin worshipin idles or anyfin! Anyways, theyz bak to life an livin wif Jebus for liek 1000 years.

Ded gud kittehz wiv heds has 2 wait 1000 years. Not gud.) Dis bak to life 1.

Bak 2 life 1 kittehz pwn other kittehz, not even pwned by secund dedding. Deyz liek best matez wiv Jebus an Ceiling Cat, for liek 1000 years, srsly. MEOW how kool is dat?

Liek 1000 years laterz, Basement Cat gotted out of teh dip basement.

An sez lying stuffs to all urths kittehz, so they want karate?.

Loadz kittehz turnded up an are liek, “Oh hai, Ceiling Cat kittehz, we pwn you big stylez”, but den teh Ceiling makes teh firez an dey is all “Oh noes! Do not want!”.

An Basement Cat is frown in a basement of fartz, wiv other evil kittehz to burn 24 7 forevers. Sry.

Meow!, is dat Ceiling Cat on teh white frone? Ys, coz Ceiling Cat is pwning the urths and stuffs.

Ai see ded kittehz. Srsly. An dis hover d00d, he gets life book from teh Ceiling Cat library. The kittehz, deyz bein judged by whatz in teh life book.

All ded kittehz deyz bein judged, even the rilly rilly hard onez 2 get at coz deys in teh sea an stuffs.

Den death an Hades gets frown in teh fire lake. Oh noes! Dis teh secund dedding.

undefined

This kitteh saw a new floor and a new ceiling for their wz renovations and old floor no can haz srsly.  And no seaz either which is good for teh kittehz.

kk Ai saw a noo jerusalem come down from teh ceiling cat.  Noo jerusalem look liek wedding cat

Ceiling Cat lives in noo jerusalem with da kittehs and dey lives with Ceiling Cat.

Don't cry kittehs you will not get wet we have no more seaz k!

Teh ceiling cat sais Ai am making thingz new srsly.

"Ai is front cat, Ai is back cat, ur thirsty and water u can haz!

If u winz u getz all teh priezes.

But if u beh afreid, nastei, bad bad kittehz, u goez wif Basement Cat. srsly bad sad an dark.

Wun uf teh sevn hovr d00dz ai wuz tellin u about sed "Ai showz u teh babi sheep's wief."

He showded me Jerusalem which is weerd if u thinkz about it.

It wuz shini.

Dere wuz writin on teh doorz.

An dere wuz twelv of dem.

Dere wuz namez writtin on teh wall too.

Teh hovr d00d hadded a stik.

Teh citi wuz squaer an kinda big.

Teh wall wuz big too.

An all shini.

Teh wall was shini too.

An colrfl.

Teh doorz n evn teh street wuz shini.

No tempul tho, bcz Ceiling Cat is itz tempul.

Itz so shini it duzint need a sun or a moon.

And teh kittehz and kinks will be like "OMG Shini! Can haz chase?".

U nevr haz to cloes teh doorz bcz it nevr getz dark LOL.

Evribodi will go dere. (also its shini)

undefined

Birdcat sayz bafftime and showz me baftub of Ceiling Cat. Oh noes!

Hidez in treez, pretendz to be appelz.

Skycat goez to city where he haz Survant-kittehz.

Survant-kittehz hav Skycat tattooz on faces. srsly.

Turn light off.  Too brite! Survant-kittehz wif Ceiling Cat forever alweiyz

Then Birdcat sayz "this all true. Srsly."

Incomingz! Cheezburgrz wif teh kitteh hu kipee teh purrz to teh profetzi of dat book

Mr. John sayz "it woz me! I saw all diz freaky stuffz! me!"

Birdcat sayz "you me, we bruvs k? luv Ceiling Cat nof me coz ai tow am liek Survant-kitteh to  Ceiling Cat!"

Then Birdcat says "this profissy, it all come true, here it comez, any second now, not long to wait, very soon"

"let bad kittehs be badz, let skanky kittehs be skankz, left left-handed kittehs be lefteez, let good kittehs be good"

Happy Cat sayz "incomingz!" (reelly dis time)

"Ai is the Lolpha and the Lolmega, the First and Last and Always" (goff kittehs lov dis bit)

"Cheezburgrz be wif kittehs wot had a baff"

"Magic dogs are outside! Run awayz!"

Ceiling Cat's kitteh is shiny.

Uthirst? MOARRRR? k, iz free!

Birdcat say: if pplz adz stuff to teh profetzi of book, Ceiling Cat make them sicz, leik sayed in book.

And if pplz photoshpz the Heliez Bibul, Ceiling Cat sez no can has cheezburger to himz!

BRB

